Chapter 170: Strategy

.

.

The remaining six people from the Summoning School already regarded Mo Fan as a god. They knew their capabilities and obediently let Mo Fan claim all that he had obtained while they only took what belonged to them.

Whether or not Jiang Yunming meant it, there was no reason for Mo Fan to share the resources with the six of them. He had poured in a considerable and desperate effort for the resources, despite knowing that he would make himself a public enemy of the entire school.

"Dean Xiao mentioned that he will convert all public resources into my own cultivation resources. I wonder how much they will be? Will I be able to obtain resources for the evolution of the Spirit Wolf??" said Mo Fan softly to himself.

Mo Fan had a strong feeling that if the Spirit Wolf was able to advance into the Warrior-class, he would be unstoppable among those at his level, and he might even be able to challenge those at a higher level!

Mo Fan still clearly remember the time where he saw a Warrior-class monster himself; he could still remember the impact and the awe brought by the Warrior-class Three-Eyed Demon Wolf when it pounced out from the building out of nowhere!

After experiencing the huge incidents that happened in the competition, there was a rapid change in his daily life.

First of all, there only only three people left in his dormitory.

The other two roommate of Mo Fan who seemed to be afraid of being dragged into the chaos stirred up by Mo Fan, had quickly submitted an application requesting to move into another dormitory.

Thus, only Mo Fan, Zhang Pinggu, and Zhao Manyan remained in the same dormitory.

Zhang Pinggu now admired Mo Fan so much that he had turn into a fanboy, while Zhao Manyan, on the other hand, reacted much more normally. However, one of his favorite questions for Mo Fan was now, “Since you fought with Mu Nujiao before, can you tell if she is a C or D cup?”

Mo Fan was extremely speechless to his question for how could he be able to do precise measurement during a fight, not to mention such an intense contest with Mu Nujiao?....... But judging from what he saw, perhaps she has a D cup!

There would be quite some time until Mo Fan could access the resources granted to him because of some procedures but as someone who was not in a hurry, he patiently waited while he kept on training himself.

Time passed quickly and one month has passed ever since the competition.

The discussions about the competition were gradually replaced by some other fresh news but occasionally, Mo Fan could still hear Zhang Pinggu kept on talking about a few newly appeared strong competitors. One of them was said to be a student that enrolled at the school quite late but that student might possess strength greater than Mo Fan’s.

This was inevitable; Mo Fan had made himself a public enemy to the entire school, thus, even though everyone knew that he was strong, they were all unwilling to acknowledge him as the strongest in the school. As a result, they were all naturally more fond of the other individuals who possess greater strength than those on the same levels and since none of them have had a fight with Mo Fan, everyone just assumed that they were stronger than Mo Fan.

"Hey! did you guys know that Mu Nujiao did something that caused the entire school to view her as a goddess.” said Zhang Pinggu as he stormed into the dormitory while both Mo Fan and Zhao Manyan were meditating as they were lazy to attend classes.

Zhao Manyan has his eyes opened first when he heard the name of Mu Nujiao. He has great interest in Mu Nujiao and would literally stop anything he was doing or working on, even if it's in the midst of advancing into the next level.

Zhang Pinggu then continued to say : "Mu Nujiao took on the responsibilities for what happened in the competition and she donated an equivalent amount of resources won by Mo Fan to everyone in the school with the name of the Mu Family.”

This time, Mo Fan opened his eyes.as well.

"Why is she doing this?" asked Mo Fan in surprise.

Isn’t she being way too generous? The responsibility of losing the resources was not on her so why is she trying to compensate all of the new students for their own losses?

"Yeah I agree, it was unexpected. Not even the school expected her to do this. It's a total blessing from the goddess." replied Zhang Pinggu in great excitement.

Zhao Manyan thought for a while, and soon understood the reason of Mu Nujiao seemingly irrational move.

"It's just a kind of strategy." said Zhao Manyan.

"How so?" asked Mo Fan.

The public resources was a real great deal of amount that even a financially well-capitalized aristocratic family would not be able to afford spending just like that.

"Each year, every major aristocratic family will spend a great deal of resources to recruit graduated and undergraduate students from the prestigious schools. And for Mu's family, they were merely doing this earlier this year in an attempt gain the favour of the freshmen. Supposedly, the school normally does not allow this to happen, but after losing such a huge amount of public resources, the school only silently approved this and allowed Mu Nujiao to do as she pleased.” explained Zhao Manyan.

"But it's still way too costly just for a good reputation! And I wonder if the people will still side with Mu' family when they are offered with a better prospect in the future." replied Zhang Pinggu.

"Gold can be nothing for a wealthy person with luxurious life. However, when you offer a bowl of rice for a person who is starving to death, he will never forget your generosity to him till the end of his life. Mu's family is being smart in the way that they are taking the overall situation into consideration to draw people to their side. Perhaps not everyone or only a minority of them will join Mu Family in the future but the Mu Family has earned themselves a good reputation among the entire school."Zhao Manyan pointed out bluntly.

Zhang Pinggu sniffles.

To be frank, if Zhao Manyan did not point this out, he would really think that Mu Nujiao was doing this out of her guiltiness., thus, accepting her as a goddess with a pure and kind heart.

Mo Fan looked at Zhao Manyan with a little surprise.

"Well, he seems to really know well about all these stratagem. He must have been mixing around with the aristocratic family all this while or he would not be able to see through Mu Nujiao’s motive." Mo Fan thought.

"Are you telling me that under her pure and pretty looking facade lies a heart full with scheme?! "I truly admire her as my goddess!" Said Zhang Pinggu impetuously.

"The decision wasn't really on her, the Mu's family was the one came up with this idea after they were told that Mu Nujiao lose all the resources. And as someone who felt extremely guilty for losing all the resources to Mo Fan, Mu Nujiao will definitely accept this proposal. It was a win-win situation." explained Zhao Manyan again.

"Oh that's great, you almost ruined the image of the dream girl in my heart."said Zhang Pinggu with relief.

Mo Fan too, was filled with all sorts of feelings today.

Seems like not all aristocratic families were blindly abusing their power afterall; a true huge family knows very well of the benefits and importance of maintaining their image and reputation in order to recruit potential magicians.

Initially, it was a bad thing for the Mu Family when Mu Nujiao lost the battle, and thus lost everyone’s resources. But the situation quickly turned around and they made use of the previously bad situation to benefit themselves. The Mu family had gained a profound advantage and it would be much harder for the other aristocratic families to compete with them in the future.

"By the way, how did you escape from that Intermediate level Plant Magic? The forest is thick, none of us were able to see what exactly happened theret. What were the tricks that you used?" Zhang Pinggu asked Mo Fan curiously.

"The entire school will know in the twinkling of an eye if he tells you. You big blabbermouth!" replied Zhao Manyan.

Mo Fan couldn't agree more, so he just nodded his head silently. There was no way he would simply reveal his trump cards to another!

"Tell me quietly, I promise I will keep the secret for you," Zhao Manyan said to Mo Fan with a filthy look and a raised eyebrow.

Mo Fan was stunned for a moment and immediately reacted to Zhan Manyan with two words : "Piss off!"

