Chapter 189: Scale Skin Phantom

Chapter 189: Scale Skin Phantom

Translator: Tofu Editor: Tofu

On the outside of the gymnasium, a man stood between the sky-piercing horns of a massive blue beast. His eyes were solemn as he gazed cautiously at the large gymnasium.

“I have gone through it. This type of demon is called the Scale Skin Phantom. Generally speaking, the Scale Skin Phantom does not possess the ability to infect through blood. I believe the Scale Skin Phantom that we’re dealing with right now is a variant; it has evolved into a creature that we have not encountered before.” A handsome man in a leather jacket stood underneath the colossal sky-colored Beast, speaking to the man above respectfully.

“People do research on all kinds of magical medicine, some even go as far as using Magical Beasts for experiments. Developing a bizarre creature is not that strange. However, what I can’t endure is that these kind of creatures appeared inside Pearl University! This is the Pearl Institute, most of the people here are either new students or Primary Magicians! They are completely unable to defend themselves from these parasitic Magical Beasts!” the man on the large beast swore angrily.

As Hunters, they were very clear that it was possible for Magical Beasts to be roaming around in a large city like Shanghai. However, for them to appear at a holy ground like a Magic University astonished the entire magical world!

Why didn’t the hidden wards within the school stop the Magical Beasts from infiltrating it? Why did they only discover this matter when the situation reached this level? Why was the City Hunter Squad even allowed to eat food? In the end, they only found out about it because the Clearsky Agency’s people had received a commission for it!

If this matter had been delayed for two more weeks, the entire campus would’ve been turned into a Demon Lair!

“Yes. We have been careless.” A group of Magicians in orange uniforms stood there with their faces displaying a waxen complexion.

They were part of the City Hunter Squad, and the ones in charge of the area of Pearl Institute. If someone was to raise an alarm regarding a Magical Beast hereabouts, they were the ones immediately dispatched to eliminate the threat!

“At this moment, we are unable to count how many Scale Skin Phantoms are in there. Furthermore, from the information that I’ve received, this kind of Magical Beast will commit collective suicide if it thinks it will die. This kind of collective suicide method is actually a way for them to transfer their energy to the Mother Scale Skin Phantom. Additionally, after they’ve committed collective suicide, the person being taken advantage of will have their entire life force drained, and die!” the man with the leather jacket informed everyone.

“So basically, we cannot inadvertently alert the enemy?” the commander on the large beast asked for clarity.

“Yes. At the very least, we cannot let the Mother Scale Skin Phantom know that we’re undertaking a large scale operation. Otherwise, the people whom the parasites are attached to will immediately be abandoned by it.”

Upon hearing this, the Captain of the City Hunter Squad, Liang Yujie, couldn’t help but crease his brow.

On the other side, the face of the representative for Dean Xiao, Academician Li, changed greatly.

There were between six and seven thousand students inside the gymnasium. Among them, there were roughly a thousand people currently using the gym, and the rest of the people were inside the biggest sporting venue, watching the celebrity perform. Who knew how many people had been victimized so far?

If they were to charge in right now, all the people under the effect would commit suicide. This would immediately turn into a campus massacre. This was a responsibility which the Academician Li could not take upon himself, and the two elemental directors present could not do so, either!

“Then we can only stand here and watch?”

“We have to kill the Mother Scale Skin Phantom. Once the mother dies, the rest of the Scale Skin Phantoms will also die on their own!” the man with the leather skin jacket said.

“How strong is the Mother Scale Skin Phantom?”

While these people were in the middle of discussing things, a little girl holding a laptop came walking over.

“Little girl, hurry up and go home! This is not a place where you should be!” the elemental director, Zhou Zhenghua, hastily warned her.

Lingling didn’t even bat an eye at him, directly walking up to the man with the leather jacket.

“Lingling, come here!” the leather jacket man said with a loving smile, it was like he was looking at his own little sister.

“God damned monsters, you guys didn’t make too much noise when you decided to seal this place off, right?” Lingling said without reservation.

“Don’t worry, I heard from your sister. We were very careful with our operations, can’t you see that us experts are currently standing far away? If it wasn’t for us worrying about the evil Mother Scale Skin Phantom killing the victims, we would’ve already stormed into the place and eliminated them all. These little Magical Beasts are not something that I and Commander Xi Ming would place in our eyes,” the handsome man told her.

“Little girl, do you have any good ideas?” Commander Xi Ming asked.

Clearsky Agency’s beast hunting genius, Lingling, was actually quite reputable within the Hunter Union. Commander Xi Ming would gladly listen to any strategies proposed by her.

“If I’m not wrong, my partner and I were dealing with two green Scale Skin Phantoms, one of them should be the Mother and the other should be the Father. The Father was killed by us, and the Mother Scale Skin Phantom should be hiding inside the gymnasium. Furthermore, it uses its little Scale Skin Phantoms to draw nutrition for itself,” Lingling said as she opened her laptop and explained to all the high level people here the functions of the electronic map.

Everyone surrounded her, and quickly realized the electronic map displayed a relatively large number of red dots within the gymnasium. Furthermore, these things had mixed in with the students. Even if they were to dispatch experts into the place, it would still be useless. The experts would be unable to distinguish between who was a normal student and who’ had been infected by the parasites.

“According to my observations, these red dots are moving without a pattern. They’re going everywhere… however, there are always some of them moving to and from this area,” Lingling stretched out her little finger as she pointed at an interior area of the gymnasium.

“This place is…?”

“It’s the hydraulic fluid-lift platform in front of the large screen in the sporting venue,” Director Zhou Zhenghua immediately informed everyone.

“This hydraulic fluid-lift platform is usually in the air. Furthermore, it has a protective net surrounding it. This equipment is rarely used, unless it’s for an incredible celebrity who wants to do something like falling from the sky… Oh right, the performance idol is planning on using this for their official show,” Academician Li hastily informed everyone.

“The hydraulic fluid-lift platform should have a door that leads to the third floor. The third floor has the idol’s make-up room, lobby, and interview room. After the singer has prepared everything, they can directly go from the third floor into a small tunnel to enter the platform.”

“Lingling, are you thinking that the Mother Scale Skin Phantom is likely to hide within that platform, and is watching the entire venue from that altitude?” the man with the leather jacket asked in astonishment.

“Yeah, it’s because these little Scale Skin Phantoms have to deliver nutrition to their mother, that’s why I assumed it would be in this area.”

“This matter cannot be delayed, we need to immediately dispatch people to deal with this Mother Beast!”

“No, you might’ve alarmed the Mother Beast when you sealed off the area. The Mother Scale Skin Phantom is intelligent, it’s likely that the other reason it’s at a high point is because it wants to take control of the situation. If we were to rashly enter, we’ll definitely be discovered!”

“Then what do we do? We can’t just wait here!”

At this moment, everyone was at their wit’s end.

The strength of the Mother Scale Skin Phantom was nothing compared to these incredibly strong Magicians. The problem is, the enemy was holding a large number of students as hostages. Once they alarmed the enemy, it would be about life and death!

“Lingling, you just said that your partner killed the Father Scale Skin Phantom. According to your explanation before, your partner is currently inside the gymnasium?” the handsome man with leather jacket inquired.

“Yeah, he is also a student from here. He was the first to charge in to save people.”

“Your partner’s strength shouldn’t be too bad, why don’t you let him go and deal with the Mother Scale Skin Phantom?” the man with the leather jacket asked gently.

Lingling thought about it.

Indeed, that was the only solution that would be suitable, since the experts outside couldn’t risk entering!

