Chapter 190: For the Meritorious Award!

Chapter 190: For the Meritorious Award!

Translator: Tofu Editor: Tofu

…

Mo Fan and Zhao Manyan walked back along the same path he had arrived through. Additionally, the girls that shed with the help of Zhao Manyan’s girlfriend had all been sent to the fire shelter.

The Healing Element girl seemed to be doing well. When she saw that Mo Fan had saved a whole group of girls, her face was filled with astonishment.

“You’re really impressive. If we lots were to unite, we would still not be able to deal with them. Yet you were able to deal so many of them by yourself,” the Healer said to Mo Fan as she gave him a thumbs-up.

“It’s alright,” Mo Fan smiled modestly, but in his heart, he felt himself becoming increasingly more awesome!

In the past, he needed to rely on a falling stalactite to win against a normal Spirit Wolf, whereas now he could use his own strength to eliminate so many of them. If he’d had this kind of power during the Calamity of Bo City, then he definitely wouldn’t have had such a difficult time!

“Mo Fan, Mo Fan!” Lingling’s voice was in his ear again.

“What’s wrong?” Mo Fan asked.

“It’s like this; the Mother Scale Skin Phantom has most likely sensed that we’ve sealed the entire area off. Furthermore, according to the newest information, if we were to drive her into a corner, she will make all of the green demonesses commit suicide. This kind of suicide will even take the lives of those possessed!” Lingling told him.

“I’ve only saved around twenty people so far. What’s the number of those still infected?” Mo Fan creased his brow in worry.

This was no longer a laughing matter. Once the Mother Beast issued an order to suicide, the number of people who died could very easily reach up to hundred or so.

Most of the ones being infected were girls. They were all incredibly favored by Pearl Institute. If they all were to die like this, then it would definitely become a huge tragedy!

“The Senior Hunters can’t go in, and the school directors at this moment cannot rashly do anything. The City Hunter Squad is currently searching for an entrance they can use without alarming the Mother Beast… However, if we drag it out like this, the situation will turn increasingly bad. Thus, the Senior Hunters, Academicians, and the Director’s idea is to have you go in and eliminate the Mother Beast!” Lingling sincerely said.

“Let me do it?” Mo Fan was shocked.

He didn’t even have to guess that the surroundings of the Mother Scale Skin Phantom would be filled with other phantoms.

The Mother Skin Scale Phantom was powerful. Just dealing with her was not that simple. Furthermore, there were groups of green demoness in its surroundings.

——-

Outside of the gymnasium, everyone’s attention was on the little loli, Lingling.

After she turned off the call with Mo Fan, she saw everyone was staring at her.

“How did it go?” Academician Li asked immediately.

“I told him that the school would award him something of considerable value, and City Hunter Squad’s annual ‘Eliminating An Enormous Threat’ award money would also be given to him. Only after that did he agree to do it,” Lingling told him after a thought entered her head.

“Alright, that’s good,” Academician Li sighed slightly.

If it was any other student, Academician Li would still be a little bit worried. However, once they found out Lingling’s partner was actually Mo Fan, Academician Li and director Zhou Zhenghua began to feel more relieved.

Who was Mo Fan?

On the day of the Rookie Competition, a single person defeated two hundred students. He defeated even Mu Nujiao, someone from an esteemed family! There were very few students who could actually be stronger than him!

“Hmph! If we allow a student go take care of the Mother Scale Skin Phantom, if he fails then aren’t we inadvertently alerting the enemy? I reckon we should wait for my City Hunter Squad to find an entrance the Mother Beast doesn’t know of and then go in and take care of them. In terms of hunting Beasts, I’m afraid there aren’t many who are as experienced as we are!” the bald Captain of the City Hunter Squad declared.

The bald Captain had ten years under his belt, and those beneath him were elites!

If this matter wasn’t fixed properly, then it would become a large massacre. Not only would the infected victim’s relatives investigate this, but society at large would also criticize it.

Whether this matter was handled by the City Hunter Team or by someone else, they would still be the first to get blamed. Thus, the bald Captain preferred to rely on his own strength!

If it was a student from the main campus of Pearl Institute, then the Bald Captain wouldn’t say a single word. However, the student inside was from the Azure campus!

What could a student from the Azure Campus possibly do? The difference between the two campuses was far more than a level!

“Senior Hunter, I also think it’d be rash to let this student take care of this matter,” another experienced Hunter spoke up.

“Did you find an entrance to the gymnasium where we won’t be discovered by the Mother Beast?” the Senior Hunter standing on top of the large beast looked down at them and asked.

“We have not…”

“Then shut up!”

Mo Fan followed the route from Lingling and headed to the third floor. Zhao Manyan came with him.

Zhao Manyan’s Light Magic was deathly effective toward the green demonesses. A group of the Skin Scale Phantoms could be considered very troublesome.

They couldn’t act like fierce hunters and just attack them all, as they might really hurt the possessed girls. If they were too lenient, then they couldn’t kill it. Thus, Zhao Manyan was the most suitable person to take care of the “children”.

The number of people in this operation couldn’t be high. If the Mother Scale Skin Phantom saw a group of Magicians charging over, she would definitely escape!

“Mo Fan, you’re here for the money, and I’m here for the fame. If my life is in danger, I’ll definitely turn around and leave. This is not something I’m feeling obligated or responsible to. I will do my best to help, but it doesn’t mean I will throw my life away,” Zhao Manyan said solemnly as he ran along with Mo Fan.

“I know. Wait, you want fame, what does that mean?” Mo Fan asked.

The truth was, Mo Fan didn’t think Zhao Manyan would do anything. After all, he was a Light Magician. Although Light is very effective toward the Mother Skin Scale Phantom, a Light Magician’s combat prowess was still very limited.

“I won’t hide this from you. I’m from the Zhao Family. The influence of my family in China is in no way inferior to the family of Mu Nujiao. Most of the young disciples from there enroll in universities not because they want to dominate others, but to make a name for themselves. They do want us to show we’re a cut above our peers, but the main reason is to attract talents for the family. The importance of the situation here at the Campus is definitely of no matter. If I am able to save the people from this disaster, then the influence and fame of my Family at university and in society will definitely increase substantially. If I make such a contribution to the Family, then they will put more importance on me. You don’t have a Family behind you, so you may not understand just how important this kind of thing is,” Zhao Manyan said honestly.

“The struggles of your family sure are complex. Fame doesn’t really matter to me. I’m already notorious, and if I save them from this disaster, then I’d only have washed the hate off myself,” Mo Fan replied.

“Oh?” Zhao Manyan’s eyes suddenly turned as he opened his mouth. “How about this; if we can annihilate the Mother Beast, then the fame will belong to me. That way, my influence will be in no way inferior to Mu Nujiao!”

Zhao Manyan was very clear that if they were to kill the Mother Beast, then the largest meritorious award would go to Mo Fan. Furthermore, if you were to look around, then Mo Fan was most likely the only person who was capable of defeating the Mother Beast.

Zhao Manyan would only receive an award for assisting him. That much wasn’t very useful. He needed the main award!

“Although we’re roommates…”

“State your price!” Zhao Manyan straightforwardly proposed.

