Chapter 193: Battling the Mother Scale Skin Phantom

.

.

.

“Your blood must be delicious!” The Mother Scale Skin Phantom extended its tongue as her eyes displayed an ominous glint.

She was a girl with tender, jade-like skin. Her blood would be incredibly savory!

The Mother Scale Skin Phantom took a step forward. Just as she was about to put her hand on the idol girl, a man without a shirt on slowly walked out from the shadows in the corner in the corridor.

Like an incorporeal door of darkness opening, a living person just emerged from nowhere!

The Mother Scale Skin Phantom was shocked, she immediately jumped back in retreat. As she kept close to the safety fence, her eyes carried rage as she recognized the person who came out of the shadows.

“It’s...It’s you again!!!” The Mother Scale Skin Phantom clearly remembered Mo Fan. After seeing Mo Fan, her eyes turned red upon seeing her archenemy.

She wouldn’t forget that it was precisely this person who had killed her husband!

“You won’t be able to escape this time.” Beneath Mo Fan’s feet a purple Star Atlas was intertwining.

Mo Fan would definitely not be lenient with this Mother Scale Skin Phantom. Even if he happened to kill the woman who was victimized by it, he couldn’t let this thing continue its crimes.

“You...you think you can stop me?” came the hoarse reply from the throat of the Mother Scale Skin Phantom.

Compared to the last time they met, her strength had increased a lot.

Right now, she was no longer afraid of a primitive Magician like Mo Fan. It just so happened that she could finally get rid of this godforsaken person and take revenge for her husband!

Her long tongue was like a whip; the Mother Beast lashed it out and the tongue snapped toward Mo Fan.

“Bone Scythe Shield!”

Mo Fan quickly activated his Bone Scythe Shield. The black shield emerged in front of his body, protecting him entirely.

The Lightning Star Atlas was nearly drawn. Mo Fan couldn’t let this thing destroy his Star Atlas-

Pow!

What appeared to be a soft tongue lashed onto the Bone Scythe Shield and immediately crushed it into powder; it was completely unable to withstand a single attack!

When the tongue shattered the Bone Scythe Shield, it directly hit Mo Fan’s body. When Mo Fan saw the situation going bad, he immediately stopped the Star Atlas and rolled to the side.

The tongue still lashed against Mo Fan’s back, leaving a deep gash there!

If it wasn’t for the Bone Scythe Shield taking the majority of the force, then the power of the tongue would most likely directly pierced right through his back.

Mo Fan felt a searing heat on his back, and clenched his teeth in pain.

Shit, even the defensive capability of something of Bone Scythe Shield’s level could not resist the attacks of the Mother Beast!

This Mother Beast’s strength was probably at the Warrior level; how else could a normal attack from her possibly destroy the Bone Scythe Shield?

“Die, die die!”

While the Mother Beast swung her tongue out, she also let out a careless and tyrannical scream.

The tongue flicked higher into the air, and fiercely whipped down toward Mo Fan’s head!

Mo Fan didn’t dare lower his guard. If that hit him, then he’d most likely become a meat patty!

“Evading Shadows, Shuttle!”

While the tongue lashed down fiercely, Mo Fan’s body sank down. His entire being dropped into the shadows beneath his feet.

Just like passing through a plane, the shadow Mo Fan had turned into began to quickly shift. After he quickly shifted to the corner, his body quickly emerged from that shadow.

At this moment, Mo Fan was standing together with the idol. Mo Fan glanced at her.

“Don’t...don’t mind me,” the idol said as she shook in fear. However, her resolute eyes showed that she could still act.

“I will draw her away. If you can, get your lights technician to turn on all the lights on the stage so they make multiple shadows!” Mo Fan said to her.

The idol nodded. Her complexion was deathly white, yet she maintained a bit of her calm.

Mo Fan took the opportunity when the Mother Beast was retracting her tongue to jump onto the safety fences on the ceiling of the stage.

“Fire Burst!” As he stood on the high ground, the flames in his hands were simultaneously tossed out.

The rose red Burning Bone flames hit the body of the Mother Beast, and began to burn on her green scales.

The Burning Bone flames would continue to burn. Mo Fan knew that Primary Magic wouldn’t necessarily cause wounds that would be able to kill this creature. However, as long as the flames didn’t go out, the wounds would still be there.

The Mother Beast let out a screeching sound. When she saw that Mo Fan was about to escape, her incredibly nimble body quickly began to climb up the safety fence like a spider as she began chasing Mo Fan.

The flames burned out as the Mother Beast moved quickly. The Mother Beast’s scales seemed to possess incredibly strong protective capabilities. The Burning Bone flames should have been burning into its bones and organs. Unfortunately, not even a Spirit-grade Burning Bones flame was capable of charring the scales of the Mother Beast, much less burning into her.

Mo Fan didn’t stop using magic. When he saw the flames were being extinguished on the Mother Beast’s body, his palm once again condensed yet another ball of Burning Bone flames.

The Fire Burst, Rupture would not necessarily be more effective than the Burning Bones flames that were persistent. Mo Fan wanted to continue enraging the Mother Beast; that way, he’d be able to direct it toward a location where he could fight.

The Mother Beast was very fast. Mo Fan was unable to fight against her in such a narrow area, and moreover, there were no shadows at the location where he was standing.

The Blood Beast Boots had been used before. He was unable to continue using them without replenishing their mana.

His Bone Scythe Shield had been directly smashed to pieces. His only defensive move was to use Evading Shadows.

Evading Shadows was not an unparalleled spell. As long as someone shot an attack toward the area of the shadow, Mo Fan would not only immediately appear, he would also receive a mortal wound...

As he stood on the safety fence in mid-air, Mo Fan watched the Mother Beast climbing toward him. He jumped down the fence without thinking.

The Mother Beast seemed to have predicted that Mo Fan would jump down. The Mother Beast’s back legs stomped fiercely onto the pole and jumped down toward Mo Fan at an even faster speed!

“She is actually this fast!”

When Mo Fan saw that the Mother Beast was less than five meters away from him, a cold sweat broke out.

On the stage in the mid-air, the idol girl had run to the edge of the safety fence. When she saw the Mother Beast was flying toward the slowly descending Mo Fan with a speed like a sharp sword, her heart began to race.

She had to do something, or else Mo Fan would have his chest ripped apart by the Mother Beast before he even hit the ground!

Unfortunately, her reaction was still too slow. The Mother Beast was like a bat; when moving through the air, she was almost invisible!

With her claws stretched out, the Mother Beast’s long tongue also lashed out in mid-air.

This time, she was planning on turning this godforsaken human into minced meat!

