Chapter 185: Extinguishing Demons at Extreme Speed!

“Twenty meters!”

“There’s a wall in front of me! There’s no door!”

“I checked the gym’s blueprint. Either you have to blast through the wall, or you’ll have to take a two hundred-meter detour to get to the other side of the wall.”

“Shit!” Mo Fan cursed. He immediately turned around and took the detour according to Lingling’s instructions.

Blasting open the wall wasn’t difficult for Mo Fan. The problem was Fiery Fist would blast the entire room into ruins, making him no different than the demon who was killing inside the room!

Two hundred meters, if he was to use all of his strength to run, it wouldn’t take too long…

After arriving at what seemed to be an makeup room for performers. Mo Fan kicked open the door.

After opening the door, Mo Fan discovered that the room was extremely bright. At a glance, he saw a girl in performance clothes hanging up on the wall. She was already out cold, the arteries on her wrist had been cut open. Her blood was flowing down the wall.

Another insatiable demoness was standing by the wall, licking it greedily.

This scene could only be described as horrifying.

Mo Fan glanced at the girl in stagewear, his face already turning purple, his eyes filling with rage.

This kind of parasitic process was even more painful than instant death. The creature would hang the person up and hold their throat. Then, it would make them bleed while they were still conscious.

The victim would not only experience the agony of their blood being slowly drained, they would also receive a spiritual torment at the hands of the gluttonous creature. This would most likely leave behind a trauma within the victim’s heart.

“Die!”

Mo Fan did not hesitate at all. He threw the Rose Flames within his hand at the green-scaled demoness.

The demoness was in the middle of enjoying herself, how could she possibly have expected a calamity flying her way?

It didn’t dodge in time and was hit by Mo Fan’s Fire Burst, Rupture. It was sent flying helplessly to the corner of the room, hitting itself by the dressing table.

“You want to escape?”

Mo Fan didn’t give the demoness an opportunity to breathe, immediately finishing a Lightning Strike.

As the Lightning Strike hit, the demoness was wounded. After receiving numerous Lightning Strike whips, it no longer had the strength to climb back up.

“Fire Burst, Scorch!” Mo Fan was using the same move.

This freaking green demoness had actually used the bleeding-out method on the girl. Thus, he decided to use his Flames to burn the demoness to death!

The effect of the Rose Flame Fire Burst, Scorch was relatively good. From within the rose-colored flames, he could see the demoness’ ugly face distorting in incredible pain.

It continued to struggle and let out an ugly sound. The flames persisted for roughly half a minute before it finally stopped. The green Demoness had been burned to death.

The scorched scales began to fall away, and the bubbling skin also began to split. When this demoness died, it also began to shed its skin. Inside was another girl in incredible pain.

Mo Fan grabbed a cloth and draped it over the girl whose body was covered in mucus and then he pulled the hanging girl down.

Fortunately, Mo Fan had a habit of bringing medicine. This was cultivated back when he was with the Hunter Squad, or else her cut arteries would have been hard to take care of.

Mo Fan smeared the clotting medicine on the performer girl’s wound. This kind of staunching medicine was manufactured by a Healing Mage and extremely precious, but its efficiency in stopping bleeding was indeed impressive. It can even stop major blood loss from arteries!

After feeding the performer some water, Mo Fan noticed signs of her waking up, after which his own face revealed a smile.

“Fan Mo, cut her thumb,” Lingling told him through his earpiece.

Mo Fan cut open her thumb while she was half unconscious and half conscious.

A line of blood appeared, and a few seconds later, Mo Fan actually discovered something wiggling inside it.

The wiggling thing seemed to know that it was exposed as it began to pop out of the opened wound.

Mo Fan quickly caught it with his hand. It looked like a little earthworm-sized Parasitic Demon Bug, and even had scales on it. After losing its host, the Parasitic Demon Bug seemed to be no different than a normal bug. Mo Fan immediately crushed it in his hand.

“Thank...you…” the performer girl said weakly, after she regained consciousness.

“What Element are you?” Mo Fan asked.

“Heal… Healing Element,” the girl replied weakly.

“Are you able to use your magic?” Mo Fan asked.

“I should be after resting a bit,” The performer girl looked relatively stable. Her face forcefully revealed a cool smile.

“That’s good. Could you take care of the student too. Go to the fire shelter, if I remember correctly, there should be food, water and medicine there,” Mo Fan told her.

“Mmm... Are there still many of these creatures out there?” the Healing element girl asked as she nodded.

“Lots of them. They are parasitic and infectious. I cut open your thumb so you won’t become one of them,” Mo Fan saw the girl being a bit more clear-headed, relatively calm and her face displayed some gratitude.

“Then send all of the people like me to the fire shelter, I’ll heal them,” the performer girl said sincerely.

“Alright!”

Mo Fan was also feeling depressed for those who are completely disturbed and weak. He just didn’t have the time to send each of them out.

Now, there would be a Healing Magician inside the enclosed fire shelter. With her, he would be able to set up a safe zone. The people he saved could all head down there. Fortunately, there’s food, water and medicine in there. Once the school and Hunter Unions people arrived, they’d be able to take these people out to heal.

“Excuse me, may I ask what your name is?” Just as Mo Fan was about to leave, the pale-faced Healing elemental girl asked.

“Eh…”

“Don’t tell me your name is Leifeng1,”the girl laughed. Her appearance was a bit withered, but she was still very dainty.

“My name is nothing important.” Mo Fan smiled and hastily left the place.

Mo Fan’s name wasn’t a good thing was true.

Mo Fan’s name had been turned him into a public enemy in the Azure Campus. After all, he stole all the resources that were meant to be given to the new students.

That’s why when the girl asked for his name, Mo Fan was hesitating.

However, the girl didn’t continue asking. Mo Fan also didn’t have the time to sit here and play with them, he hastily charged toward the next location of the red dots.

……

“Lingling, location!” Mo Fan called out.

“Fifty meters to the right, one hundred meters to the front, and left back one hundred-thirty meters… they are beginning a large scale operation!” Lingling said.

“Shit, just how many people have been taken?!”

“You should know that the school has dormitories. If one has been taken, then the entire dormitory will suffer.”

“Fortunately, the school went on vacation. Oh right, it’s possible for those infected people to be outside and continue to infect others. If that’s the case, this will be even more difficult.”

“No one outside of school.”

“How could this be, aren’t they just like normal people during daytime?” Mo Fan asked.

“I estimate that after they’ve been infected, the Parasitic Demon Bugs let out a unconscious mind control, making them not want to leave the school grounds during the day or night. In this place, there are many people who fit what they want,” Lingling told him.

“I see, they are looking at my University as a cafeteria. They really aren’t putting a new student like me in their eyes!”

“Fan Mo, the three of them seem to have sensed your presence, they are proceeding toward you.”

“This place is too narrow, it’s not suited for my fighting style. I remember there’s an indoor basketball court up ahead, I’ll go there and catch them all at once!” Mo Fan hurried towards it, making his plans as he ran!

