Chapter 161: Plant Element!

The people who disagreed were definitely not few in number. Mo Fan saw that the line by the exit has already formed into a long dragon. From their faces, he could tell that they all had the same expression. It said, “Shit, I will take you down!”

“My name is Zhuang Lifeng, a disciple of the Zhuang family. I haven’t liked you since you took a step onto this stage. Do you think you’re cool because you have the Summoning Element? I will let you have a taste of the prowess of our Zhuang family!” When Zhuang Lifeng stepped up, he appeared to have a scholarly air about him.

Mo Fan had no choice but to admit that this person’s appearance was not bad. With his refined way of announcing his family, as well as carrying an aura that gave the impression he was undertaking the will of the heaven made Mo Fan feel like he needed to give a certain amount of attention to him.

Naturally, Mo Fan didn’t become cautious just because of what he had said. It was because Mo Fan could feel that this person gave off a different feeling compared to the others.

“You fanatic, I will eliminate your beast that’s abusing others and then teach you a lesson!” Zhuang Lifeng rolled up his sleeves.

The Spirit Wolf didn’t bullshit too much with humans, its claws had already stretched out.

Zhuang Lifeng did indeed have the ability. His understanding toward the Wind Element: Wind Trails was far more adept than the guy with the large head from before.

Since the Spirit Wolf was able to reach the third level of charging, Zhuang Lifeng had already laid a Wind Trail domain around the Beast Battle cage. Everyone watched Zhuang Lifeng stop at a certain location, and then disappear from that area in the next second. The Spirit Wolf was only able to leave a small wound on his right arm in the three times he had charged over.

“Beautiful, Zhuang Lifeng! You control this thing!” the fire element girl with a slightly tanned face said.

“Fire Burst, Rupture!!” the girl shouted as a fireball rapidly formed within her palms.

The flames was thrown toward the location the Spirit Wolf was at. Before the Spirit Wolf was able to evade, it exploded forth. The ferocious flames exploded onto the body of the Spirit Wolf, causing him to fly several meters away. The flames was like fire as it sprinkled all over its surrounding.

“Awoooo!” The Spirit Wolf climbed back up and shook off the little flames that were on its body.

This was the first time the Spirit Wolf had received damage. In the beginning, Mo Fan was a little bit worried. However, his worry turned into relief as he saw the will to fight in the Spirit Wolf’s eyes.

A Fire Burst: Rupture was still unable to do fatal damage to an evolving stage Spirit Wolf. Furthermore, the Spirit Wolf’s physique was already rather sturdy!

“Ignore the Wind person, finish off the other people,” Mo Fan said to Spirit Wolf.

Spirit Wolf also noticed that the Wind Magician was relatively quick, and to catch him would be very difficult.

The Spirit Wolf immediately changed its target. Its gaze was directly locked onto the girl who was casting Fire Burst.

The girl didn’t have anyone else protecting her. When the Spirit Wolf charged over like a wild beast in the arena, it was completely unstoppable. Even if Zhuang Lifeng was faster, it would still be useless.

“Vine Change, Twist!”

When the Spirit Wolf was roughly twenty meters away from the girl, someone’s chanting was heard.

Following that, a strange scene emerged. On the ground where the Spirit Wolf was running, azure vines were suddenly spreading out.

These vines were the size of an adult’s arm. The surface of the vine was covered with thorns, and they were extremely shrewd and ferocious under someone’s control…

The Spirit Wolf was in the middle of charging. However, just as it stepped into the area, the azure vines quickly grew and forcefully bound themselves to the legs of the Spirit Wolf.

The Spirit Wolf was caught by surprise as it was quickly dragged crashing to the ground, causing a cloud of dust to appear.

“Plant Element??” Mo Fan was astonished as he looked at the Zhuang Lifeng from afar.

Zhuang Lifeng smiled deviously as he said, “Did you really think I was just a Wind Magician?”

After Zhuang Lifeng revealed the second element, the entire audience gasped in surprise.

Yet another Intermediate Magician!!

Zhuang Lifeng had just used the spell of Wind Element, so everyone knew his first Awakening was the Wind Element.

Now, he had used a Plant Magic!

Plant Element was a part of White Magic, and also very rare during Primary level. It was clear that Zhuang Lifeng had achieved the level of an Intermediate Mage, and the Plant Element was the second magic he had Awakened!

Mo Fan had been cautious of this person from the very beginning. As expected, his intuition wasn’t wrong at all, this person had advanced into the Intermediate level.

“That’s interesting. Unfortunately, the difference between you and that fatty Luo Song is too big,” Mo Fan couldn’t help but smile as he looked at Zhuang Lifeng.

The face of Zhuang Lifeng no longer have the same proud smile as before. He had a feeling that this Summoner seemed to know something that he didn’t.

“Being able to reach the Intermediate level is indeed very good. Unfortunately, you aren’t able to properly draw a Star Atlas. Whether it is the Wind Element or the Plant Element, you’re simply unable to cast Intermediate Magic!” Mo Fan opened his mouth to say.

Zhuang Lifeng thought he’d be able to scare Mo Fan once he displayed his second Element. However, he never thought that Mo Fan had already seen through it all.

“Just Primary level, don’t think for a moment that you can stop my Spirit Wolf!”

Mo Fan’s heart was connected with the Spirit Wolf, he knew just what condition it was in!

The Plant Element’s Primary spell was classified as a trap spell. If Zhuang Lifeng grasped an even higher level of vines, it would be very hard for the Spirit Wolf to break away...

“Awuuuu!!” The Spirit Wolf let out a roar as he directly used brute force to break away from the devil vines on his body.

The devil vines looked very firm, but it wasn’t tough enough. When the Spirit Wolf ferociously used its strength, the vines snapped in half and scattered across the ground.

The Spirit Wolf didn’t remain in the same place for long. This part of the arena had already been completely frozen by the Ice Magician. If he were to remain for two more seconds, his four legs would’ve been frozen as well!

As the Spirit Wolf burst out, his speed made the Ice element’s Ice Spread seem like nothing. The Spirit Wolf’s objective was naturally the Fire Element girl.

This time, even if she was to run, it’d still be of no use. The Spirit Wolf was lenient as it crashed into the girl’s body with its head, causing her to fly out like a kickball before she crashed into the cage.

Fortunately, the cage was made from Water Element and quite soft, or else the crash would’ve left a couple of broken bones!

After dealing with the most dangerous magician, the Spirit Wolf sent their Ice and Light Element Magicians down in succession. At last, there was only the Zhuang Lifeng remaining.

After Zhuang Lifeng saw his comrades being taken care of so easily, a vicious thought flashed through his mind.

“You fool, do you really think that I can only deal with your Summoned beast? If a Summoner doesn’t know how to protect himself, then the Summoned beast will be useless even if it’s really strong!” Zhuang Lifeng’s figure suddenly disappeared.

As the Spirit Wolf was in the middle of dealing with others, Zhuang Lifeng actually used his Wind Tunnel to race towards Mo Fan!

