Chapter 164: Invincible

BOOM!

The floor of the arena stage shattered under the horrifying thunderstrike! Although the Thunderbolt was swift and strong, it was not as fancy as a Lightning Strike. But at the same time, it possessed the strongest destructive power of all the Intermediate spells! If Bai Cangfeng didn’t have any defensive magic equipment, he would be crushed for sure!!

In the nick of time, a golden ray appeared from nowhere, shrouding Bai Cangfeng entirely as it turned into a golden barrier.

Bai Cangfeng, who had finally pulled himself out of his state of shock, quickly summoned his own defensive magic equipment. However, it was obvious that Teacher Gu Han’s defensive magic had gotten into place ahead of his gear.

Right after that, Bai Cangfeng was slammed right to the ground by the impact of the Thunderbolt. Thanks to his magic gear and Teacher Gu Han’s magic nullifying some of the destructive force of the Thunderbolt, he only suffered some minor injuries. However, Bai Cangfeng was still trembling at the close call!!

“Bastard! I will kill you!!” Bai Cangfeng stood up angrily, and fire rose within his eyes.

How could this guy attack first before the teacher even give the signal?

And he even dumped an Intermediate Lightning spell without saying a word! Bai Cangfeng had been thinking about how his opponent would deal with him, perhaps he would cast an Intermediate spell just like him, but he had never expected the outcome would be like this!

“You’re out!” Gu Han said without hesitation to Bai Cangfeng, as he exhaled a long and relieved breath of air.

“What? Why? I still have my magic armor equipment, I didn’t even need your help! This is your own miscalculation!” replied the frustrated Bai Cangfeng.

To Bai Cangfeng’s dismay, Gu Han answered coldly, “If it wasn’t because of me just now, you might have been killed straight away! At the least, you had not prepared yourself to use your magic equipment at the time he completed his Intermediate spell!”

“Nonsense! With my reaction speed-” shouted Bai Cangfeng angrily.

Did he just get disqualified before he could even do anything?

Yes, he did! Since the start, he had not thought that his opponent would throw out an Intermediate level Lightning spell, catching him off guard. However, that did not mean that he couldn’t use his magic equipment in time!

“How rude! Get lost from my sight!” Gu Han, however, did not go easy on Bai Cangfeng. He simply waved his hand and formed a Wind Element Star Atlas on the ground.

A wild wind rose, Gu Han’s clothes waving with it.

In just an instant, the air within the arena seemed to have been sucked away entirely. Teacher Gu Han was standing in the center of the storm’s eye, looking just like a demon rising from the vortex, standing there high and mighty…

Shocked, Bai Cangfeng stared at Teacher Gu Han with an empty mind. Finally, he gave both Mo Fan and Gu Han cold glares before getting down from the arena angrily.

He was extremely frustrated and stressed out that he was eliminated before he could do anything.

And that was not the thing that bothered him the most. He felt that his magic equipment could have helped him withstand Mo Fan’s attack, but that busybody teacher acted quicker than he had!

If a teacher interfered for someone during the battle, that particular person was disqualified, so how was Bai Cangfeng supposed to remain calm?

“Teacher Gu Han is so strong!”

“What a short tempered teacher…. Come to think about it again, that Thunderbolt just now-!”

“An Intermediate level Lightning magic! What the hell! I am a main in the Lightning element and I have yet to enter the Intermediate level! Now, a Summoner main out of nowhere can already unleash an Intermediate level Lightning magic!? What on Earth!?”

Upon seeing Mo Fan’s Intermediate level Lightning magic, an uproar immediately occurred among the students of the Lightning School.

The appearance of a Thunderbolt was just like lightning striking down around the students on a sunny day. They just couldn't accept it even now!

Another Intermediate level Mage, and he was a mage that could already cast Intermediate level magic!!!

This guy was just like Luo Song!

Luo Song was a mage from the Ice Element. The magic of the Ice chain was already bad enough, but as the strongest Element among the classical Elements, the Lightning Element seemed to be much stronger.

Just like Bai Cangfeng, who did not expect the sudden attack launched by Mo Fan, the other students also did not foresee it. That attack of Mo Fan was just like lightning striking down out of nowhere!

And it was only now that everyone knew why this Summoner mage dared to provoke every new student present today. He was not just a mage that had an evolved Summoned beast, but also a crazily strong Intermediate Lightning mage!

“The combat power of Mo Fan… an Intermediate level Lightning mage… Perhaps Bai Cangfeng would still be no match for Mo Fan even if he wasn’t disqualified… An Intermediate level Lightning mage is just way too strong against those of the same level!” Hai Dafu’s mouth had not closed once after Mo Fan unleashed his destructive Lightning magic.

The other Summoner students basically wanted to kneel down before Mo Fan and worship him ever since the Thunderbolt made its appearance in his hands. Among the students, Wang Liting had the richest facial expression!

Upon looking at the scene where the young man stood tall and mighty on the arena, and not even a person dared to challenge him again, no one could not admire the young man, even if they did not like him!

“There are a few that are still going to look for their own deaths now.”

“But there’s nothing they can do, Mo Fan will win straight if no one challenges him anymore.”

“Only a few more to go now, he has defeated 189 challengers now.”...

“Another two groups of challengers, sigh...I wonder why they stepped out now. One of them may be just like Zhuang Lifeng, who Awakened another Element, but being unable to cast any Intermediate level magic means that he is no match for Mo Fan...”

“Oh shit! Seems like we are going to acquire the resources of every School for ourselves!!” shouted Hai Dafu happily as he suddenly realized that point.

“Bro, we would probably only get what belongs to us, those resources will belong only to Mo Fan.”

Jiang Yunming nodded slightly as he agreed that Mo Fan had no reason to share the acquired resources with them.

“199!” declared Dean Xiao loudly to the new students, telling them that they had only one last chance.

“Let me clarify this, if you have yet to enter the Intermediate level, or if you have, but are unable to cast any Intermediate level magic, I suggest you stand down and step aside. It is good that you have the courage and bravery to fight, but you will be making a fool out of yourself if you charge at the rock with an egg!” said Zhou Zhenghua, who couldn't watch anymore.

And as soon as he said this, the entire stadium turned quiet.

Luo Song clenched his fists. He regretted that he had entered the arena way too early, or he might have been able to take Mo Fan down with him after giving all he had. Now, the resources for all the new students would be given to Mo Fan. This was a treatment not even the children of the rich families out there could receive!

And if Mo Fan really received so many resources for himself, then he, Luo Song, would be outrun by Mo Fan by a huge gap!

Damn, were there no more Intermediate level mages??

Impossible, there must be more than just us, they just don’t want to get involved since the resources are barely anything to those who are at the Intermediate level...

But the thing is, will they be able to stop themselves from being provoked??

An Intermediate Lightning mage might not be easy deal with, but this brat obviously has no magic gear on him, so what is there to be afraid of?

“Someone is up for the challenge!”

Suddenly, a voice was heard shouting from one of the seats among the spectators. The silent arena turned lively again as everyone’s eyes landed on the new challenger.

What appeared within their vision, however, was a an extremely beautiful and curvaceous young woman. What made her stand out the most was not her courage to step up at this crucial moment, but her calm!

In no time, someone quickly recognized her and called out her name.

“Mu Nujiao!”

