Chapter 168: You lost

.

.

.

“This Mu Nujiao is ssooo strong!” exclaimed the girl with the ponytail in awe. She asked again, “Mo Fan is going to lose, right? The Forest of Kun’s Gaol is practically impossible to escape from!”

“That’s not what I think,” disagreed Xu Zhao Ting, shaking his head.

“Perhaps your friend still has some trick up in his sleeves? Is that possible?” asked the girl again.

However, Xu ZHao Ting did not answer her question and merely stared closely at the jungle that grew around Mo Fan like a prison.

“So… marvelous!!”

“Yeah, this goddess is about to defeat this evil demon! We almost lost all our resources because of him! From now on, she will be my one and only goddess!!”

Upon seeing this, all the new students immediately felt immense gratitude and admiration for Mu Nujiao. If not for her, their resources would have been stolen by Mo Fan!

A lady who was extremely beautiful yet incapable of anything would only bring disaster, but a lady who was both pretty and very capable at the same time would be taken as a kind, powerful, and strong goddess that would rescue her people from crisis!!

When everything calmed down after the prison made of plant life fully emerged, Mu Nujiao clamped her fist and walked slowly towards the prison.

She too, firmly believed that Mo Fan would not be able to turn the situation around.

Mo Fan has already depleted all his Summoner abilities, and if he had an even stronger Summoned beast, he would have brought it out long ago.

At this time, not even his Lightning magic would be able to help him escape from the imprisonment of the Forest of Kun. He had lost the fight!

In just a moment of time, Mu Nujiao drew close to the border of the Forest of Kun.

The Forest of Kun possessed no offensive capabilities, so Mu Nujiao would have to get close enough to ask Mo Fan to surrender.

If Mo Fan was stubborn, she would not mind giving him a tornado and letting him have a taste of the excitement of jumping down from a tall building without any safety measures!

Through the tiny gaps in the plants, she started searching for the trapped Mo Fan.

To her dismay, just when she was about to say something, she shockingly discovered that there was no sign of Mo Fan at all!

“How…?” Shock immediately replaced Mu Nujiao’s confidence.

Be it any type of position-shifting skills, no one would be easily escape from the imprisonment of the Forest of Kun. These plants tracked the target person by sensing the person’s life force as they grew…

Thus, even if it was Wind Trail, Earth Burrow, or other magic equipment, no one would be able to escape easily!

This was also why Mu Nujiao was confident that Mo Fan could not escape, which led her to walk up to where she was now standing confidently. She had not expected that Mo Fan could not be found within the Gaol made up countless plants.

Impossible!

Absolutely impossible!!

“You lost,” said a voice with a very serious tone from the forest on the other side of her.

Extremely shocked, Mu Nujiao turned slowly around to look that way, only to find Mo Fan walking out from the shadows of the plants…

He did not walk out from the forest, but from the shadows of the plants. Even with her incredibly strong senses, Mo Fan had still managed to walk up on her unscathed by moving within the shadows!

In truth, no one would be able to escape from the imprisonment of the Forest of Kun… except when it came to Shadow Element magic!

With all the tall trees, thick vines, and large amount of leaves, shadows were everywhere around the Forest of Kun. This provided a huge area for Shadow Element mages to roam around freely. Be it the plentiful vines or branches, none of them would be able to trap a shadow that could move around freely in their shadows!

“Shadow Element... How is it possible that you possess magicks of the Shadow Element?!” exclaimed Mu Nujiao, nearly falling down as she stared at him in disbelief.

Right now, she dared not move at all, not to mention casting any more spells. Mo Fan was dangerously close to her, and he even had a slithering lightning serpent in his hand!

At this range, there would be no time for her to react, or even use any magic equipment!

“That has nothing to do with you. Anyhow, you have already lost this battle,” stated Mo Fan, as the lightning serpent in his hand grew more and more ferocious, and seemed like it would strike anytime.

Anger rose in Mu Nujiao’s eyes.

Shadow Element!!

Is he trying to defy everything I know about magic??

This man clearly displayed both Summoning and Lightning Element magic!

So why is there a third Element’s power!?

Is he an Advanced Mage??

Impossible, definitely impossible, no one could reach the Advanced level at such a young age, not even those from the Magic Court!

With no options left, Mu Nujiao stood there as she bit her lips.

Before she gave up, she briefly thought of continuing to fight this guy with her magic equipment, but in the end discarded the foolish idea.

“I’ve lost!”

As soon as she said this, the entire arena went quiet.

After a few moments, the entire arena exploded in chaos!



She lost, Mu Nujiao actually lost!

Her losing signified that Mo Fan alone would be sitting on all the public resources that were supposed to be distributed to the new students!

Oh Heaven! Their last hope, their goddess, had also lost to this demon king!

“How… Just how?”



“He must have cheated!”

“Just kill us! We went through so much just to get into this institution for the extra resources, but now, everything is gone, all gone!”

As a result of being unable to accept that what was done was done, cries could be heard all over the arena.

And when Mu Nujiao heard the cries, her cheeks were burning hot.

She had never seen her defeat coming, and she blamed herself for being so careless.

Mu Nu Jiao clearly knew that not everyone among the five thousand plus new students were the same as her, being able to completely ignore the resources provided by the institution. In truth, there was a girl in the same hostel with her who was relying on those resources to break through the barrier and enter the Intermediate mage level.

If she was purely looking for a fight, she would’ve been in the same position as Mo Fan, challenging the entire school. But she had stood up because she did not want the resources distributed to the students that came from average families to be raided by Mo Fan alone!

