Chapter 158: Evolving Spirit Wolf (2)

.

.

.

Woosh!!

The ferocious claws split open the shield formed by numerous water droplets. The sharp claws streaked right through the body of the Wind elemental student.

An incredible blood scar emerged on the chest of the Wind elemental student.

“Oh...”

The Wind member of the group fell backwards, and the overflowing blood from his body mixed with the dust as it flowed into the distance.

“How… how could this be!” The eyes of pimpled girl went wide as they were filled with astonishment and fear.

Her Water Barrier had clearly reached the third level already, why was it unable to defend against the attack of the Spirit Wolf?

She had also been through numerous fights, and she had always been able to defend against all kinds of Magical Beasts’ attacks.

“You were too slow. You should know how to protect in situations like this next time without me telling you!” Li Junwei said with a gloomy face as he excoriated her.

Indeed, the Water elemental girl had cast it a bit slow. The Spirit Wolf’s claw had already slashed through the Wind student’s body before the Water Barrier had been formed. The Water Barrier that looked as though it was formed in time had only blocked the attack power that came afterwards!

“You bastard, taste my Lightning Strike!”

The purple Lightning was crackling furiously as they ferociously bombarded the location of the Spirit Wolf.

The Lightning dazzled their eyes. As the snake-like Lightning began to lash across the area, it looked like it had completely surrounded the Spirit Wolf.

The Spirit Wolf could smell the ozone in the air.

It stomped heavily with its back legs, and its body smoothly jumped to the side...

In the next second, the place where the Spirit Wolf had been standing was completely covered by Lightning Strikes. A patched of burned ground appeared immediately thereafter.

Small bits of static were jumping around the Spirit Wolf’s deep blue fur, but they didn’t pose any threat to it. The Spirit Wolf turned around, its verdant eyes locking onto the person who had unleashed the Lightning Strike.

“Awuuuu~!”

With its head loftily raised, and with its throat that seemed as deep as a cavern, a demonic wind suddenly came forth!

The demonic wind began to wantonly sweep across the sands on the surface of the ground, which rose into the air in thick clouds.

“Shit, is this still Flying Stones!?” As Mo Fan saw this scene, he couldn’t help but feel shocked.

The very first time Mo Fan had seen Flying Stones, the grains of sand were like a wide spread of bullets as they shot toward him. For a normal person, this would leave behind numerous holes in their bodies.

However now, the Flying Stones were being spat by his very own Spirit Wolf…

The area of this was more than double the size he had seen it before. It was like the Spirit Wolf had howled out a sandstorm...

“Hurry up and scatter!” Li Junwei’s complexion immediately changed.

For something like the Flying Stones, they could easily evade it by just quickly rolling around. Furthermore, the Spirit Wolf had used it from a distance.

However, against something of this scale that covered a fourth of the entire Beast Cage, they simply had nowhere to run and could only receive the damage.

Li Junwei slammed both of his hands on the ground as he tried to overcome his shock.

“Earth Wave!” Where Li Junwei was standing, ripples of earth began to spread into the surroundings.

The ripple quickly carried Li Junwei and his Lightning and Fire comrades to the two sides of the cage.

“Pimples, get behind me!” Li Junwei shouted.

After pushing his two comrades away, Li Junwei knew that he couldn’t rely on the Water Element girl to cast the second level of Water Barrier in such a short amount of time.

The Water Elemental girl ran behind Li Junwei’s back. However at this moment, the Flying Stones had already charged over. His cheeks were painfully scratched by those little grains of sands.

“Vine Wall!”

Li Junwei moved his intent and activated his own special Defensive Magic Equipment.

An azure ray flashed, and multiple strange black rattan vines emerged in front of Li Junwei. The vines began to intertwine while giving birth to new, thin vines that also integrated into the existing ones.

The sandstorm finally came to an end, followed by an ear-piercing sound.

If there hadn’t beena vine wall in front of Pimples and Li Junwei, then their weak bodies would definitely have been utterly smashed by the mighty storm.

……

“This student is not bad.” Dean Xiao watched the dust-filled arena as his face revealed a gratified smile.

The face of Zhou Zhenghua, the Dean of the Earth School, was also showing a bit of radiance.

Just moments before, Luo Song had given the Earth Element students a tremendous amount of face. Who would’ve thought that among the Elements, there’d also be someone like Li Junwei who knew how to cooperate amongst the different Elements.

Using the Earth Ripple to push the Fire and Lightning members who didn’t have any way of defending themselves to a safe area, and then use his own Magic Equipment to protect himself as well as the Water comrade behind him…

The Flying Stones from the Spirit Wolf were evidently strong enough to completely annihilate the four of them. However, that was completely prevented by an Earth Magician, Li Junwei!

There are too many Primary Earth Magicians who didn’t know what to do, nor their roles in a battle nowadays. Li Junwei’s display had essentially given a lesson to all the Earth Magician students who were still completely blank.

The Earth Element could be called the core of a squad. Their ability to move the surface of the ground meant they were the link between the squad members, and would also allow the squad to be much more flexible.

“Too bad they’ve lost,” Dean Xiao secretly added.

The Earth Element Dean, Zhou Zhenghua was slightly shocked as his gaze locked onto the cage filled with dust.

The dust came fast, and settled fast.

Li Junwei’s display was indeed very outstanding. However, in front of such a formidable power, their strategies and spells were completely useless.

Within the yellow mist, an eminent and ferocious silhouette was standing in front of Li Junwei. The dark green eyes were only meter away from him as it loomed over Li Junwei.

Li Junwei and Pimple both raised their heads. The two of them, who had just evaded the sweeping Sandstorm, felt like they had been soaked in cold water. Especially Pimples, she looked like though she was going to faint from the scene that greeted her eyes.

“Third stage Burst…” Li Junwei raised his head, his eyes filled with disbelief.

He originally didn’t want to believe this was an evolving Spirit Wolf. However, now he was not able to question it anymore.

A Spirit Wolf that could complete a third stage Burst was most definitely at the evolved stage. This was a vicious creature that was a half step into the Warrior level!

The five of them could deal with a normal Magical Beast without a problem. However, dealing with a creature that was in the evolving stage would only make them seem like children; they could easily get slaughtered!

