Chapter 179: Rescue from the Mouth of a Beast

Chapter 179: Rescue From the Mouth of a Beast!

Translator: Tofu Editor: Tofu

Mo Fan no longer tried to chase after the shedding demoness, instead, he went through fire and flames as he charged into the family.

As he got to the entrance, Mo Fan could hear the child inside the place crying loudly. Who knew what kind of scene the child was seeing for him to cry like that.

A man’s voice could be heard from inside the place.”Crying, all you know is crying. What… what annoys me the most is you crying… From… from now on… I will no longer need to listen to your ear-piercing cries…”

His voice sounded like there was thick things in his throat. The sound coming from it was relatively strange, nothing like a human’s!

“Fan Mo, quick. He hasn’t finished shedding yet. Once he has shed, the child will definitely die,” Lingling said urgently.

“Don’t worry, I won’t let that thing succeed!”

Evading Shadow!

Mo Fan stood by the door, his body slowly sank down. It looked like he had dropped into deep water, turning into a black shadow.

The shadow began to move from outside the door to the inside.

After the shadow entered, Mo Fan slowly rose from the darkness under the door.

At this moment, he was already inside the house. From a glance, he could see the husband inside the large room, who seemed more like a waking corpse. He was in the middle of tearing apart his own clothes and flesh.

Between the rent flesh and tattered clothing, it revealed the scales inside. They were extremely thick, and quite disgusting.

The man had already shed half his skin. During this process, his movements wasn’t actually very fast, he was like a newborn baby as he slowly staggered.

If it wasn’t for that, then the child would’ve died already.

At this moment, Mo Fan could be considered to have seen this type of monster’s entire transformation process. If an ordinary person had seen this, they definitely would have fainted from fear. Fortunately, Mo Fan could be considered to have seen many things. Even if this kind of scene was extremely disgusting, he could only clench his teeth and eliminate the shedding demon.

“Lightning Strike!”

Mo Fan quickly formed his Star Path and his palm instantly formed numerous Lightning traces.

These Lightning traces passed through the large room as they flew toward the shedding demon, whipping towards it..

The shedding demon’s scales seemed to have a high defense. Mo Fan’s Lightning Strike seemed to only have made a couple of black prints on its scales. He was completely unable to paralyze it, flabbergasting him.

“You…you meddlesome thing!”

The shedding demon let out a strange noise. It turned its head around; it had shed all of the remaining skin on its face and revealed three eyes that were viciously staring at Mo Fan.

It raised its arm, and its shoulder that looked like that of a human suddenly expanded. It grew three times as thick as before, and its muscles turned rock solid!

“Fan Mo, the demon has an extraordinary strength, you must be careful!” Lingling’s voice echoed in his ear.

Mo Fan had a calm expression as he began to move back.

Suddenly, the shedding demon’s expanding arm began to extend towards Mo Fan.

This arm was not only able to expand, but it was also able to stretch like rubber.

How could this possibly be just a punch? It was clearly a large iron ball swinging. The furniture and sofas inside the room were all destroyed by his iron-like fist.

Fortunately, Mo Fan had prepared for this earlier. His body turned into a shadow when the iron ball fist swept past, and then shifted toward the shade in the corner.

After dodging this attack, Mo Fan continued to move. He only showed himself after he had moved to a place without shadow.

The creature’s strength was boundless. Mo Fan didn’t dare to approach it.

Mo Fan took the opportunity of when it retracted its arm to run. He ran behind the shedding demon and grabbed the crying boy.

Mo Fan didn’t dare to use Intermediate Magic before this, because he was afraid of hurting the child. It wasn’t because of the money from the commission, it was because he couldn’t let an innocent child lose his life like this.

“Freaking monster, today, I, your daddy Mo Fan, will represent the heavens…” Mo Fan quickly drew the Star Paths. The Star Paths crossed with each other to form the even stronger power of the Star Atlas.

“Fan Mo, careful. The demoness is behind you!” Lingling suddenly shouted.

Mo Fan turned his head around and discovered an extremely ugly monster outside of the window inside the room. The monster’s tongue stretched out, her eyes fixed on Mo Fan and the brat that he was holding.

“Shit, the husband and wife are joining hands!” Mo Fan cursed.

Naturally, Mo Fan was no longer able to draw up the Star Atlas or else his throat would’ve been slit by the demoness that was at the window.

“Hurry up and run, you won’t be able to deal with two of them!” Lingling yelled.

“Don’t worry about me,” Mo Fan replied.

Mo Fan hmphed coldly.

At this moment, he was standing in a place with no shadow. It could be said that the lantern on the ceiling had restricted Mo Fan’s movements.

Fortunately, he had obtained a pair of Magic Boots from Dean Xiao a couple of days ago. He could put the Magic Equipment to good use now!

“Blood Beast Boots!” Mo Fan chanted to himself. When he had given up on the Star Atlas, he immediately activated the Magic Equipment he was spiritually linked to.

A scarlet radiance glittered on his leg. It didn’t spread, but began to slowly condense during the process of materializing, slowly forming a pair of leather boots.

The boots stretched halfway up Mo Fan’s calves, looking like armor that had appeared out of thin air!

After activating the Blood Beast Boots, Mo Fan immediately felt his legs fill with a strange power. It felt like he could collapse the entire floor with a single stomp!

After Lingling saw Mo Fan activating his Magic Equipment on the screen, she immediately let out a sigh of relief. “Don’t fight recklessly, you’ll hurt the child!”

Mo Fan also understood this reasoning. When the demoness charged toward him, Mo Fan stomped the ground with his legs and jumped to the ceiling.

With one hand, he grabbed onto the chandelier, his other hand carrying the child. Mo Fan used the force of the jump to land in the kitchen.

The two demons didn’t let the matter rest, they immediately pursued angrily.

Mo Fan didn’t have the mood to stay and fight with them. He used the Blood Beast Boots to quickly run to the end of the kitchen, toward the laundry room.

With a kick, he smashed open the window. Mo Fan didn’t care too much, grabbing the child’s leg as he jumped down. He wanted to jump to the sixth floor where the light wasn’t on, so he could use the shadow to his advantage.

Huuuuuhuuuu!

His body was falling down perfectly straight. On one side, he had a child who was crying while sitting on a free bungee jump, while on the other side, was the whisking of the wind.

Mo Fan’s face looked upwards and saw the two demons angrily stretching their heads out, looking mighty fiendish. As Mo Fan was falling, he extended his hand and slowly erected a grand middle finger toward the two monsters while falling.

“Mother, I’m gonna return to my room to study.”

“Alright, make sure you turn on the lights so you won’t hurt your eyes.”

Mo Fan could faintly hear the sound from the sixth floor. When he turned his head around to look beneath him, a freaking cursing emerged inside.

The originally dark sixth floor balcony popped, and the entire place was illuminated. The light was so bright that it covered the entire balcony, leaving no shadows around.

Mo Fan had pursued them to the tenth floor while expecting the bottom to be completely dark, but reality was not the same. One could imagine just what kind of feeling he had right then.

Freaking kid, what shit are you revising! This daddy is going to die because of you!

