Chapter 176: The Income is Faster than the Returns

“I went through your documents. You’re from Bo City, and you’re called Fan Mo, is that right?” the old man chuckled.

“Yes.”

“The knowledge that my granddaughter has is not comparable to normal people. She would naturally be a little bit arrogant. If there’s anything you feel is offensive, please don’t take it to heart,” the old man said.

“I won’t fight with the little kid,” Mo Fan said.

“Good. The opposite party has already paid one hundred thousand RMB for this commission, the other two hundred thousand RMB will be received after the commission is done. Our Hunter Agency is different from the other Hunter Agencies. The commission doesn’t collect any communal cost. After you’ve finished the mission, you and Ling ling will share the pot. One hundred and fifty thousand RMB will be sent to your bank account.”

“A hundred and fifty thousand RMB?” Mo Fan’s eyes flickered.

The commission is only for a night and the primary mission is to protect the child of a family. For an Intermediate Magician, this shouldn’t be too difficult.

One hundred and fifty thousand RMB for a night. This way of making money was even faster than stealing it!

“Our Clearsky Hunter Agency is not only famous in Shanghai, but all across the nation. A commission of three hundred thousand RMB is only the lowest level. Your seniors won’t accept any commissions beneath a million RMB. You and Ling ling are still young, so you can start with these small things. Once you’ve matured, I will assign you bigger things to do,” the old man laughed gently.

“Bigger things?” Mo Fan was shocked.

If three hundred thousand RMB was considered the lowest level, then what level were the bigger things at?

The old man smiled mysteriously, but didn’t say anything. He only used his eyes to tell Mo Fan that if he did his best, then the benefits he could get would be endless!

“Lingling went to look for the data, you can sit here and wait for a bit. In the future, this will be considered your home as well, so you don’t need to be so courteous. There’s also an empty room in the attic, you can stay there if you like… Oh, oh, I still haven’t introduced myself after telling you all this. I am the President of Clearsky Hunter Agency, surnamed Bao. You can call me Old Bao in the future.”

“Alright, so you really are surnamed Bao.” Mo Fan couldn’t do anything. He didn’t know whether this old man had watched too much TV, or he really was related to Bao Qingtian¹. In any case, this world’s history and the history of his own world were very similar, the same historical people existed, and the legendary people from the history were also not lacking. Mo Fan still remembered his history classes talking about the Magic Dynasty period of Qin Shihuang.

Mo Fan wasn’t being courteous either, this old store did have everything he needed.

There was good tea, a good coffee maker, he could do whatever he wanted.

Mo Fan brewed tea for himself as he took out a book about the habitats and habits of Magical Beasts to read.

As Mo Fan was waiting inside the store, Old Bao was already in the second floor.

The second floor was just like a library. It was filled with what appeared to be some ancient books and some files that were sealed up. The majority of the files were covered in a layer of dust that had probably been there for a decade.

The little loli, Lingling, was sitting on an old rattan chair. Her bright, pearl-like eyes were focused on the book on her lap.

Her reading speed was very fast, it only took her about ten seconds to finish sweeping an entire page.

“Grandpa, why did you let that person come?” Lingling kept searching for something even as she questioned Old Bao, who had come up the stairs.

“The kid’s strength isn’t bad, he’s a good seedling.”

“Even if his strength isn’t bad, he’s still just an Intermediate Magician,” Lingling said.

“If you think like this, then I believe he will surprise you.” The old man was smiling, and said nothing else.

“Grandpa, according to the files, he’s from Bo City.” Lingling’s head was still lowered. Her reading speed didn’t decrease while she was talking.

“Yeah. Lengqing is currently assisting the Magic Court in pursuing Salang. If we aren’t wrong, then the one responsible for Bo City’s destruction is most likely him… Oh, don’t mention this matter to that Fan Mo. With his current strength, he is not capable of being involved in these matters, or else he will die a violent death, like Xiaoding,” Old Bao said.

“I know. However, I will definitely find the person who killed Xiaoding!” Lingling clenched her teeth, her puerile face displaying a hint of anger.

“Alright. Just leave this matter to us adults, don’t touch this matter until your strength is sufficient. You and Fan Mo can go ahead and deal with the things that are within the city. Shanghai is a massive city, the problems here are equally large.” Old Bao patted Lingling’s head.

When noon came, Old Bao was friendly enough to invite Mo Fan to eat in the store.

This old store was actually the home of Old Bao and his granddaughter, Lingling. They lived on the third floor.

The fourth floor also had rooms, it appeared to be rooms for the other members of Clearsky Hunter Agency. From Old Bao’s tone, it seemed like those people were quite outstanding.

In the Hunters Union, the majority of people would form a whole Beast Hunting Squad. In the Clearsky Hunter Agency, most of them completed missions by themselves or in pairs, that was not your normal kind of hunter! Furthermore, these missions were worth more than a million RMB!

After finishing off the food, Mo Fan couldn’t help but to ask,“What are we doing this afternoon?”

“You can return back to University. We’ll meet by the privately owned garden as the sky is turning dark,” Lingling said.

“How did you know that I was a student?” Mo Fan was a bit shocked as he stared at this little lady.

Lingling pouted her little mouth, and didn’t bother to explain.

Mo Fan felt awkward.

How many times did he get looked down on by this little kid?

Sigh, forget it. I won’t argue with this little kid.

Mo Fan followed Lingling’s instructions and returned to the university.

When the night came, Mo Fan finished his dinner in the cafeteria before heading toward the private garden.

After exiting the school gates, Mo Fan called for a taxi.

Just as he got into the car, three very well dressed girls were talking and laughing as they walked over. The taxi driver was evidently well disposed as he made the decision to have Mo Fan carpool.

There were quite a few people trying to find taxis at the University. The less scrupulous taxi drivers would try to drag a couple of people going the same way into the taxi in order to earn some more money. Mo Fan was used to it.

“We want to go to the private garden,” one of the girls with neat fringes said.

“This brother also happens to be going there. The three of you can sit in the back, let’s go.” The driver’s face was filled with smiles as he waited for the girls to get into the car. Once they were in, he stepped on the gas pedal and drove away.

Their destination wasn’t very far, so they almost arrived immediately.

As Mo Fan was sitting in the front, he could deduce that these girls came from families that did not lack money based on the way they talked and laughed. They didn’t want to live in a plebeian-like dormitory, so they spent money to rent a room in the apartment block inside the garden.

“The student in the front, do you also live here?” the girl with the short hair immediately asked Mo Fan once they got out of the car.

“No, I’m only here to deal with some things,” Mo Fan replied.

“Oh, oh, are you also a new student? Why do I feel like you’re familiar?” the girl with the short hair asked with a smile.

“Aiyo, Jia Wenqian, isn’t your way of flirting a bit too old? Who cares if he’s familiar or not, just ask for his phone number,” the girl with the neat fringes said with a smiling face.

“Yeah, you kept staring at him when we were in the car,” the girl with red lips pointed out.

“Do you want to die?!”

The three girls immediately became extremely noisy, without regard for anyone else. Mo Fan helplessly shook his head, and hurriedly went to find his superior...

Speaking of which, in the Great Detective, there was a kid being paired up with a beautiful girl solving numerous crimes. Here, it was actually a little loli being paired up with a handsome, young man?...

===================

1) https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Justice_Pao_(1993_TV_series)

Bao Qingtain is the main character of a Taiwanese detective TV show set in the old days, also airing in China! (Yes, I had to look this up).

