Chapter 166: Thunder Attack

Chapter 166: Thunder Attack!

Translator: Tofu Editor: Tofu

If his casting speed was slower than his opponent, the one who would die in a battle would be him if he insisted on trying to cast his spell. Thus, Mo Fan was driven into a situation where he had to give up forming his Star Atlas, and instead whistled towards his spirit wolf.

The smart spirit wolf immediately understood Mo Fan’s intentions and rushed towards Mo Fan at lightning speed.

As soon as the wolf ran past Mo Fan, he quickly grabbed onto its long fur before pulling himself onto its back agilely.

“Run, run towards the center, far away from the tornado!” shouted Mo Fan towards his summoned beast.

Without slowing down, the wolf ran as ordered by Mo Fan while a dust storm approached them quickly from behind. If the spirit wolf ran a little bit slower, both the wolf and Mo Fan would be within ten meters of the tornado and their speed would decrease drastically as it drew them in.

With Mo Fan on its back, the spirit wolf continued running away. Fortunately for them, the arena was huge enough for them and they could only hope that they would be able to shake away the rampaging wind beast!

Damn!, shouted Mo Fan in his heart as they finally arrived at the end of the arena after dashing away from the tornado.

When he turned around and looked at the tornado that was still approaching them without any signs of stopping, he wanted to negotiate with Mu Nujiao again by giving her seventy percent of the resources, but she would not be able to hear it anymore due to the howling wind.

“Wuuuu~~~~” The spirit wolf howled softly towards Mo Fan, signaling him to hide at the corner of the barrier.

Fast enough that Mo Fan couldn’t react in time, the wolf had already turned around and stared at the approaching tornado with its green eyes.

“Hou!!!!”

“Hou!!!!!”

“Hou!!!!!!”

The wolf raised its head and shot out three flying Wind Sand breaths towards the tornado!

Its flying wind sand breath was a move that utilized the power of Wind, and the wolf wanted to use its own Wind magic to neutralize the Wind Disc Tornado.

However, the spirit wolf’s magic was not strong enough to withstand an Intermediate level Wind magic. It was just like a kindergartener trying to shove an adult away, which would do barely anything towards the adult.

“Ah wooo!!!” Upon realizing that what it had done was in vain, the spirit wolf let out a long howl.

And before Mo Fan could give the wolf any other orders, the wolf had already charged straight towards the tornado, attempting to withstand the vortex with its own body.

‘Spirit wolf!” murmured the stunned Mo Fan. Is the wolf trying to use its body to fight against the Wind Disc Tornado??

Mo Fan clearly remembered that day where the berserk One-Eyed Wolf that was on the same level with a Spirit Wolf failed to take on an Intermediate-level magic and now, even if spirit wolf survived, it would also have its bones all shattered into pieces after ramming into the tornado!

Within the dust storm, the spirit wolf could not be seen clearly anymore, all that was left was just a black figure representing the wolf moving faster and faster.

In the end, Mo Fan clearly saw the figure of his wolf being hurled towards the center of the tornado…

His spirit wolf obviously was sent into the air after it collided with the tornado!

Fortunately, what the wolf did was not in vain, as the tornado finally stopped moving forward and the power of the wind also decreased after it rammed into it.

At the back of the storm, it was barely a second before Mu Nujiao noticed the spirit wolf that was struggling in the air.

Right after the entire tornado dispersed, the Summoned beast fell towards the ground from thirty meters up in the air….

The spirit wolf had already lost its balance, it might land head-first, which could be instantly lethal!

“Up!”

Mu Nujiao raised her hands, formed a gust of wind that buoyed the spirit wolf slightly, slowing down the wolf’s plummet and saving it from death.

However, when the wolf landed on the ground, it still suffered a heavy injury which completely immobilized it.

The Wind Disc Tornado appeared in an instant, and disappeared in split-seconds as well.

At the far end of the barrier, Mo Fan let out a relieved breath as soon as he saw the spirit wolf was saved from death.

“Thank you for your mercy, but I will not surrender without a fight!” shouted Mo Fan as he stared at Mu Nujiao who was far away with a sharp gaze.

Ever since the beginning, Mo Fan has deemed this lady to be a very dangerous opponent, and he was right.

The spirit wolf has risked itself, squeezed out its remaining strength to neutralize the attack of its owner’s opponent. Mo Fan felt that he must not let down his loyal summoned beast!

“Show me your true strength!” said Mu Nujiao.

Mo Fan quickly returned his summoned beast back into the dimensional space so it could rest and get healed up. After all, the wolf has been fighting for him for a very long time, and this woman had to be dealt with by himself personally.

At the same time, without any delay or hesitation, Mu Nujiao started forming another Star Atlas, clearly visible from the countless Star Paths appearing around her.

“Not on my watch!” shouted Mo Fan, who obviously did not want his opponent to have the chance to cast her spell.

He raised his hand, and a violet Star Path was formed in an instant.

Violet lightning started forming on top of Mo Fan’s head; with a grasp and a hurl, the violet lightning shot straight across the arena and flew straight towards Mu Nujiao who was halfway forming her Star Atlas!

Upon seeing the incoming lightning, Mu Nujiao inevitably had to avoid the attack and as a result, the spell she was channelling was disrupted.

Mu Nujiao had not seen that coming; she thought he would fight her with his own Intermediate magic. Instead her opponent canceled her spell channelling by using a basic level spell, which surprisingly proved to be quite efficient!

The Star Paths quickly formed a Lightning Star Atlas, pumping energy into his surroundings and infusing the energy right into Mo Fan.

With the energy surging within him, his hair standing up, lightning sparked around his body. With a shout, Mo Fan pointed his finger towards the skies, manipulating the raging lightning into coming down from the skies and turning them into a horrifying Thunderbolt!

An Intermediate-tier Lightning magic was formed, and thunderclouds appeared on the top of Mu Nujiao!

“Hua!!!!”

With a ear-piercing noise shrieking around the arena, the thundercloud gained the attention of everyone.

Violet lightning came rushing down from the clouds, tearing the area apart with relentless power, and struck towards Mu Nujiao mercilessly!

Unlike the Wind Disc Tornado, which first pumped out all the air around it to form a tornado before going on a rampage, the Thunderbolt was more straightforward. It just absorbed enough energy before it rained down from the skies.

Thus, the Thunderbolt might not be able to sweep across the surroundings like the Wind Disc Tornado could, but once the Thunderbolt struck someone precisely, there would be a very high chance that the person would die on the spot under it horrendous power!

