Chapter 157: Evolving Spirit Wolf (1)

Chapter 157: Evolving Spirit Wolf (1)

Translator: GravityTales Editor: GravityTales

“Come, call your Summoned beast,” Li Junwei represented the team of challengers, his face was filled with a sense of pride.

“As long as your Summoned beast isn’t a Bone Corpse Demon, I will definitely let you have a taste of my abilities!”

“This guy seems to be the only person we don’t have any intel on, we don’t know what kind of Summoned beast he has.”

Mo Fan looked at the team of five who seemed to be prepared, his face displaying a lazy smile.

Although he was also a guy who enjoyed fighting, this was not the time for him. This was the time for the Spirit Wolf to display its prowess!

“Fight for me!”

The moonlight Star Path emerged in front of Mo Fan and turned into a space crack. A dimensional bridge summoned forth a creature from the unknown plane!

From within the dimensional crack, a deep blue head stretched out.

Soon after, a robust and mighty body stepped out. The fur-covered body was fluttering in the space crack, following a bestial aura pervading the whole arena. The Spirit Wolf instantly became the focal point of the whole chamber!

“It’s a Spirit Wolf!”

“What a feral aura! This is like a completely different creature compared to the tiny Spirit Wolf from before!”

“It feels like it’s not easy to deal with that. I never thought the last Summoner student’s Summoned beast would be a fully grown, robust Spirit Wolf. I’m not sure if Li Junwei and his team can possibly contest that.”

In the backstage, the six Summoner students mouths had dropped open, they displaying their astonishment.

“It looks… It looks like it has gotten stronger since the last time,” Jiang Yunming murmured to himself.

They could hear the sound of the wind.

A ferocious wind was rolling around, the Spirit Wolf in its center. The dust had turned into a golden wave as it washed out, sweeping along the colossal Beast Battle Arena and blowing into the faces of the five challengers.

For some reason, their legs began to shake. The man in the lead with a big head turned around to look at his leader, Li Junwei…

“What’s there to be afraid of? It’s just a Spirit Wolf, not a Bone Corpse Demon!” Li Junwei cursed while feeling dissatisfied.

“I just keep feeling this isn’t your average Spirit Wolf.”

“Feelings my ass, go kill it!”

The five people were clearly very coordinated with each other. Facing Mo Fan’s Spirit Wolf, they quickly got into formation.

The Wind users were in the front, Water in the back, Lightning and Fire by the Earth user in the center.

With all five Elements in one team, Wind, Water, Lightning, Fire and Earth formed a very well coordinated team. Lightning users in the Pearl Institute were not rare, so forming a five elementteam wasn’t too difficult.

It was obvious that Li Junwei’s team was prepared. If it wasn’t for the appearance of Luo Song, they would’ve attacked one of the Summoned beasts by themselves.

Now, there was only the very last Summoner student, Mo Fan. They naturally would not continue waiting!

“Big head, restrict it. Remember, the Spirit Wolf’s burst damage is relatively strong, so you need to be quick when you use Flash Steps or else it’ll be able to slice you in two once you get to the other side,” Li Junwei said with a solemn expression.

“Yeah, I’ll just use Wind Trails, Floating Shadow!” the big headed guy in the very front said.

“Pimples, just because the Spirit Wolf is far from us doesn’t mean it can’t attack us. The Spirit Wolf has a breath attack.”

The girl with pimples on her face nodded quickly.

“Alright, let’s start. How could a little Spirit Wolf possibly stop the five of us from becoming famous. Let’s show those previously unorganized and useless people our coordinated battle strategy!” Li Junwei’s face displayed a great smile.

Those who treated a battle as a 1v1 conflict could only be deemed to be unsuitable with others.

During the Primary level, most of the people would only have a single spell, and so they would have to form a team. Being the chief of the Classical Elements, the Primary Lightning spells were indeed very strong, but they definitely did not have the ability to deal with a Magical Beast by themselves. The Water element did not have any attack prowess, but it was the only Primary ranked element that had a protective spell, making it one of the most crucial parts of a battle. In Li Junwei’s eyes, there was no Element that was trash from the start, only a group of retards who didn’t understand how to cooperate!

Mo Fan saw the opponents formation and a smile formed on his face.

Interesting. The five people’s battle experience was in no way inferior to the Hunter Squad he was a part of it back then.

“Be careful, they should be very knowledgable…”

“Awooooo~~!”

Mo Fan didn’t say another word. The Spirit Wolf let out a domineering howl.

The warlike Spirit Wolf began to attack without a response from Mo Fan. The amount of time it took for the Spirit Wolf to go from complete stillness to as fast as a cheetah was only a second. This bursting power afoot was not something a One-eyed Magic Wolf could compare to.

The Spirit Wolf was charging violently. Its objective was precisely the Wind member standing at the very front of Li Junwei’s team.

Although the big-headed Wind member of the group seemed relatively nervous, his steps were still nimble.

The third level of Wind Trails created several Wind Tunnels in the caster’s surroundings, creating a bunch of high speed Wind passages that belonged only to himself. With them in place, he was as lithe as a swallow.

Floating Shadow had a much bigger range than Flash Steps. It looked as though there were Wind Trails everywhere. It made the Magician seem like wind, impossible to catch and impossible to pursue.

The Spirit Wolves first attack caught only an empty Wind Shadow. The big-headed guy had already floated to a location twenty meters away when the Spirit Wolf had attacked with its claw.

The sound of the wind was heard again…

The Spirit Wolf quickly retracted its claws. His body slid through the ground for a small distance before he once again stood up with his four limbs. He had actually changed the course of his tracks in a single second toward the big-headed Wind Magician!

“Second attack!” Li Junwei’s face revealed amazement.

Normally speaking, when the Spirit Wolf used its full strength to attack, it would take a while to stop. It was just like when a person has used a frantic charge, they would need some time to catch their breath.

However, this Spirit Wolf had actually been able to regain its energy right after its first burst attack. Additionally, its speed even remained the same as it began its ferocious attack the second time.

“Pimple, protect him! Quick!” Li Junwei commanded.

Spirit Wolf’s second attack was definitely going to cause an enormous threat to the Wind Magician. After all, the big-headed guy believed he was in a safe zone after only moving around twenty meters away.

Numerous water droplets coalesced out of nowhere. They were all in motion, and quickly combined in front of the Wind element student to form a Water barrier defense!

Yet another howl of the wind was heard.

The Spirit Wolf saw these Water beads as he was halfway there, and his eyes showed a hint of disdain. His heavy claws ferociously smashed towards the Wind Magician once more!

