Chapter 198: Angel in his Heart

.

.

.

Mo Fan, Mo Fan…” the little loli, Lingling, anxiously ran toward the stage.

“Brat, I am here,” Mo Fan was laying there and tiredly waved his hand toward her.

Mo Fan had no energy left to crawl up. When the battle ended, the wound on his body suddenly began to flare up. It was so painful that he couldn’t stand properly.

“You… you are bleeding a lot,” Lingling saw that Mo Fan’s face was covered in blood, her eyes couldn’t help but redden.

Before they entered the gymnasium, Mo Fan was indeed jumping around looking like a hero. However, right now, who knew how many wounds there were on his body. Especially the two wounds on his cheeks; one that cut from his forehead to the bridge of nose, and the other from one cheek to the other. Lingling could imagine just how dangerous it was for Mo Fan to battle against that female demoness. She knew that if this wound was a tad bit deeper, he would’ve lost his life.

Looking at Lingling, who always seemed so dignified, about to cry, Mo Fan couldn’t help but smile.

This brat is a little lady after all.

The rescue team quickly sent a Healing Magician over.

“Will this disfigure my face?” Mo Fan couldn’t help but ask as he looked at the Healing Magician in her white uniform.

“No, this kind of scar won’t last long before it goes away,” the Healer smiled as she began to heal Mo Fan’s wounds.

The mystical ability of Healing Magic was something Mo Fan had witnessed before. As expected, the deep flesh wounds was healing at a pace he could see with his naked eyes under the silky white ray, and even the wound on his face was slowly regenerating!

“You didn’t die after all this, I really admire that.” Zhao Manyan walked over as he watched Mo Fan being healed.

Zhao Manyan himself wasn’t in good shape, either. Up on the third floor, he had fended off at least twenty different green demoness. From the scars on his body, one could tell that he had also encountered a life threatening situation.

“Alright, go and retrieve your achievements. Don’t forget my Lightning Spirit Seed,” Mo Fan said to Zhao Manyan.

“Then I won’t be polite,” Zhao Manyan nodded his head as he looked at the chaotic venue. “When you possess the Lightning Spirit Seed, I presume you will be able to enter the main campus with a good attitude.”

“Main Campus?” Mo Fan asked while puzzled.

“Don’t you know? Azure Campus is in fact what Pearl Institute calls… the outer courtyard. This place is the gathering of the largest quantity of the people who have been accepted to the Pearl Institute. All of those who have successfully entered the school are allowed to stay here for four years. However, as long as their strength achieves a certain level, they will be allowed to engage in the Main Campus Examination. You can go and ask any of the thirty thousand students within the Azure Campus. Which one of them are not putting in their greatest effort to cultivate just so they can enter the Main Campus?” Zhao Manyan sat next to him, he wasn’t in a hurry to retrieve the achievement reward.

Zhao Manyan still felt confused as to how Mo Fan was able to save the lives of all the girls who were affected, they were all spirits which Mo Fan had worked hard to defeat. After the event those girls will be so thankful to the hero which saved their lives, but the glory was supposed to belong to Mo Fan, I feel so guilty taking it for myself...

However, Zhao Manyan didn’t decline just because of that.

He knew what kind of guy Mo Fan was, and believed that a Lightning Spirit Seed meant much more to him than all the current merits.

Mo Fan would sell them to him, and Zhao Manyan’s family was willing to spend money to purchase them, it would be a win-win situation for both!

After Zhao Manyan left, Lingling gave Mo Fan a confused glance and asked: “It was clearly you who defeated the spirit queen, why let him take that title? Don’t you know the severity and impact of this event? You used all your power to save so many people, don’t you know all the benefits it will bring to you!”

“The increase in experience is more important to me, the Lightning Spirit Seed is too expensive, I cannot afford such a thing. If I don’t work to increase my power, I’m afraid that I’ll still be useless in two years when the Hunter Contest begins.”

“But… why would you give it to him? Is it because he’s the disciple of a renowned family?” Ling Ling puckered up her lips, looking rather unhappy.

It’s just she knew that this matter was something Mo Fan had used his own two hands to deal with from the beginning to the end. The one who should’ve been drowned in pleasure and praises should’ve been him, so why did it suddenly become Zhao Manyan, a supporting character, who enjoyed these benefits? was it because this Zhao Manyan was the disciple of a reputable family?

“I agreed to it, please don’t ruin it. I really need that Lightning Spirit Seed, which is why the person who killed the Mother Beast was Zhao Manyan. That is enough,” Mo Fan said sincerely.

“Alright,” Lingling was clearly not happy, her two cheeks bulging as she murmured, “You just said the Hunter Contest... are you planning on participating?”

“Yeah, I definitely will participate! Furthermore, I plan on getting first place!” Mo Fan nodded solemnly.

“Within the Hunter Contest are all of the most outstanding young Hunters from across the nation. They are experienced and knowledgeable, each of them are veterans! Getting first place is very difficult!” Lingling told him.

“That’s why I’ll put in the effort to increase my strength in the next two years,” Mo Fan said.

The matters concerning the Hunter Contest was something Mo Fan had heard Lingling talk about a couple of days ago.

Originally, Lingling thought Mo Fan only wanted to go there and fight a couple times. However, it seemed like he was very interested in the Hunter Contest. So much so that he’d even give up the honor this time in return for a Lightning Spirit Seed that could increase his strength!

The Hunter Contest were held once every four years.

The prizes were most likely the most extravagant ones in all of the competitions in the country!

In order to become famous, these young hunters would put all of their efforts into the Hunter Contest to reach victory.

Lingling was puzzled. In fact, she thought Mo Fan participating in the Hunter Contest in two years was still a bit early, much less taking first place!

“Eh, you want first place?” Lingling suddenly realized something as she asked.

“Yeah.”

“If I remember correctly, the first place prize is a pair of Magic Wings. Those Wings are indeed extremely valuable. However, you don’t really need Magic Equipment at this moment. I think that a Magic Armor is far more realistic for you than Wing Equipment. The Magical Tools you own are so few it’s almost pitiful,” Lingling said.

Lingling had actually met many disciples from the major families. Those outstanding disciples from major families would at least possess a few Magic Tools, and they would be even more than the spells they could cast.

When she looked at Mo Fan, although his strength was much stronger than those disciples from major families, he could only really bring out the Blood Beast Boots. As for the Bone Scythe Shield, it couldn’t even be considered a Magic Tool anymore, as it was unable to defend against his current level of opponents.

Lingling thought that the priority of the Magic Equipment right now should be a Magic Shield Equipment, Magic Armor, and a Deathstrike Weapon. He could forget about the Magic Wings, those kind of things could be found, but not sought.

Mo Fan saw Lingling’s clear and logical reasoning. However, he did not give her any explanation.

“Forget it, I won’t say anything,” Lingling no longer questioned it. Instead, she approved of Mo Fan’s methods.

Mo Fan glanced at her.

The little brat was very solemn as she said, “Every person has their own reason to become strong.”

Mo Fan was dumbstruck, and unable to stop himself from smiling.

Yeah, every person had their own reason to become strong. Many of them had very simple reasons to become strong.

At least, his own reason was very simple.

In his heart, there was an angel, how could he not let her have wings?

Laying on the stretcher, Mo Fan used his hand as a pillow for his head as he looked toward the skies.

The dome was stomped by the large beast, thus, he was able to see the beautiful sky just looking up.

While he was slipping into sleep, he couldn’t help but think of the smile on her face when she saw the Magic Wings. It would definitely be as beautiful as the night sky!

