Chapter 191: Blood Event

Chapter 191: Bloody Event

Translator: Tofu Editor: Tofu

State the price?

Then I won’t be polite!

“I want a Wing equipment,” Mo Fan blurted out.

“You can go by yourself. Either way, it doesn’t matter to me when people die.” Zhao Manyan immediately stopped, he looked as though he didn’t want to joke around at all.

“Spirit-grade Lightning Seed. If not, then I might as well go by myself. Either way, you don’t have any combat prowess. I have a method to protect myself anyways,” Mo Fan revised quickly and sincerely, without any hint of joking.

“….Shit, you sure are greedy!” Zhao Manyan cursed.

A Spirit-grade Lightning Seed was something worth more than ten or so million RMB!

A special Spirit grade seed like that was very rare. If it was put on auction, then it would be purchased by someone else with power in a matter of minutes.

That is why the Spirit grade Seeds were often a bit higher than the market price. The Spirit grade Lightning Seed that Mo Fan wanted wasn’t something the Zhao Family could not buy, but it wasn’t something they could just casually give away. Zhao Manyan felt as though his skin was being ripped.

“Deal?” Mo Fan asked.

“Deal!” Zhao Manyan replied as he clenched his teeth.

Zhao Manyan was a man who knew how to calculate.

If he was to compare himself to Mu Nujiao, who had expended a monstrous amount of her family’s resources to replenish the resources for the University’s rookies to attain her current standing, then his Zhao Family would only spend a single Spirit grade Lightning Seed to bring him to the same standing as her, that was actually quite a profit! Zhao Manyan believed that the people within his family with power would definitely agree to this transaction!

As the two were conspiring over this, they had arrived at the third floor.

When Lingling told them that the third floor was completely packed with red dots, the two of them couldn’t help but laugh bitterly to themselves.

What was the point of discussing the gains? They were not even sure if they would be able to survive the claws of these monsters! Whether it was the green demonesses or the Mother Skin Scale Phantom, they definitely wouldn’t be easy to deal with!

—–

Down in the square, the time for rehearsal had finally finished.

The students waiting in the surroundings had began walking into the middle of the square for the performance.

The middle of the square was occupied by a lot of chairs.

The seats had already been occupied by a group of male fans. These young men with their hormones going out of control were sitting there holding signs of the names of the performers they admired.

Many of them were wearing special t-shirts that had the face of their favorite idol on them. When their most admired idol finally emerged, each one of them appeared to be extremely excited as they yelled out loudly.

In the surrounding seats were another large group of people. Many of them came around because of the commotion, while others only came here to take part in the fun.

When the music started playing, the sounds of shouting gradually began to calm. An artificially created rain came down from the ceiling, falling onto the young people’s bodies that were swaying to the rhythm of the music. There were even some nightclubbers who had already begun to dance!

Like a nightclub, they followed the figures of those dancers in the background on the stage with their navels exposed. At this moment, a tiny screeching sound started up, and the DJ music could be heard!

The accompanying dancers’ wet hair lashed out, their eyes looked as though they were intoxicated by the music, it was incredibly attractive!

Their serpent-like hips and electrifying butts were glamorous. The different colors were like passing lightning, it expressed their wonderful and passion-filled dance!

A party began to develop down below. The main character of the day had yet to step up, while the students overflowing with the energy of the young had already exploded around the area!

However, the students intoxicated by the music being played by the DJ had no idea that the whole gymnasium was filled with danger.

In this kind of situation, when a girl who looked like she was too shy to speak up went to the bathroom, it was very likely that she would change skin and turn this entire area into a bloody feast!

Up on the third floor, Mo Fan and Zhao Manyan realized that the performance had begun while they were still inside the tunnel.

The two of them weren’t in the mood to hear the music that shook the entire gymnasium. They were frantically running while cautiously scanning the pack of people.

According to what Lingling said, of the four thousand people in the audience, around a hundred of them were infected!

They believed that as long as the Mother Scale Skin Phantom gives the order, the hundred or so demons would immediately tear off their human skins and turn into blood sucking monsters as they began to massacre the entire audience!

Blood was the thing that Mother Scale Skin Phantom required the most.

The more blood it sucked, the more energy it would be able to obtain.

The four to five thousand people were all gathered in a single place. The large majority of them were Primary Magicians who would have trouble fighting against Magical Beasts. Once the infected people turned into demons, this entire place would be turned into a bloody feast and massacre!

“You need to be fast. The green demonesses from the other areas have gathered here, it looks like they are going to turn this into their dinner table… This place conforms with their need to suck blood and infect the female Magicians, as there’s at least 3,000 of them!” Lingling told him urgently.

Not too long ago, the red dots were wandering around the entire gymnasium, looking for their objectives.

However, now, they were all gathered in the very center.

Their intentions were far too obvious. If the people who came here to listen to the performance were drained and infected, then the Mother Scale Skin Phantom’s strength could very possibly reach the Commander level. At that time, it would be very difficult to kill the Mother Beast. Furthermore, the four thousand-plus people in the arena would be held hostage by it while it created an unprecedented horror!

Mo Fan and Zhao Manyan were well aware of how severe this matter was.

The Mother Beast did indeed possess a high intelligence. No wonder why it gathered all the people who had been infected, it was all for the sake of a bigger plot!

All of the people in the area might become sacrifices!

Mo Fan lowered his voice as he said to Lingling, “We’re here.”

“You have to annihilate the Mother Beast, or else you’ll be surrounded by a large group of green demonesses. At that point, there’ll be no escape route for you,” Lingling told him bluntly.

Zhao Manyan also heard this while standing off to the side.

At that moment, he hesitated for a bit.

The fame was important. But if he lost his life, then nothing would matter.

Zhao Manyan didn’t think that the matter would rise to this level.

“Mo Fan, aren’t you afraid?” Zhao Manyan couldn’t help but ask.

Zhao Manyan realized his roommate was definitely not the same as your average student. His calm attitude toward the Magical Beasts was very much like that of a seasoned veteran Hunter who constantly lingered between life and death.

“I’ve seen things much more dreadful than this, so this isn’t really much. Zhao Manyan, don’t even think about backing out. Look behind you,” Mo Fan said.

From the tunnel they had just walked out from, they saw a group of what looked like girls from the same dormitory. They wore volunteer uniforms, and it was clear that they were just volunteers for the performance this time.

They were laughing and talking. However, when they saw Mo Fan and Zhao Manyan, the girl who was in charge of everything took a step forward as she shouted toward them, “HEY! You two! The third floor is staff only, you’re not allowed to roam here!”

Mo Fan remained unmoved.

Zhao Manyan was also standing there, gazing at the young women who all looked extremely normal.

Mo Fan glanced at Zhao Manyan and whispered, “They’re all red!”

