Chapter 265: Defeat of the Imperial College

"It's my turn!" Mo Fan's smile blossomed with unmatched confidence.

"Do you think you're faster than me?" Mo Fan had totally aroused a strong will to battle in Mu Ningxue's heart. A hint of pride surfaced on her icy face.

"You'll never know if you don't try!" Mo Fan continued to smile.

Mu Ningxue focused her gaze on him. The flicker in her eyes from casting a spell seemed exceptionally determined.

Even when talking, it did not affect the brilliance of the Stars when they were aligned in their focus. Even when they were staring into each other's eyes, the orbits of the Stars remained interconnected, as a destructive force accumulated in the pattern.

"Nirvana Ice: Ice Lock, Bone Husk!" an ethereal voice called out.

Mu Ningxue was the first to complete her Ice Spell. She had reached the Intermediate Level way earlier than Mo Fan, and her foundation was more solid.

"Qianjun: Thunderbolt, Yaksha!" Mo Fan countered with his vigorous voice too!

His casting speed was slightly slower than Mu Ningxue, but that did not rattle his confidence. He confidently released his Lightning Spell even when he was surrounded by Mu Ningxue's Ice Lock.

The Lightning Intermediate Spell was significantly cleaner than the other Elements. Mu Ningxue was still setting up her Ice Locks, while a single point by Mo Fan was enough to summon a huge dark stormcloud!

Ghastly lighting struck down, like purple-black dragons diving in with incredible might.

Halfway in the air, the dragons split into several lightning bolts, as if they were spreading their claws apart!

Mu Ningxue raised her head. She knew she was in a bad spot the moment she saw the storm cloud, so she did not dare to fire the Ice Locks around her figure. Instead, she controlled the ice chains with both hands to position them above her head.

The giant chains lashed out fiercely, colliding straight with the lightning bolts from above. It suddenly turned into a pure clash of two great forces, bringing a destructive and deathly aura to the arena.

The speed of the Lighting Element granted Mo Fan an upper hand in the battle. An ordinary Yaksha would not be able to penetrate through the thick Ice Locks, but the source of Mo Fan's Lightning was Qianjun!

The vibration effect from Qianjun's power was extremely handy, as the Ice Locks were incredibly sturdy, but too rigid. Cracks began to appear on the Ice Locks. As they spread across the surface of the Locks, the next wave of vibrations immediately broke them into pieces.

The chains were shattered into falling pieces of ice.

Mu Ningxue stood in the middle of the falling pieces. She did not even try to dodge them.

She raised her head and immediately saw a lightning arc striking the spot beside her.

It formed a scorched pit on the ground. Mu Ningxue waved her hand and turned the pieces of ice into white powder. Following another wave, the powder was turned into tiny drops of snow and drifted away in the wind. It was a spectacular sight!

"Two Spirit-grade Seeds." Mu Ningxue fixed her eyes on Mo Fan.

The Yaksha lightning fork was clearly able to land a clean hit on her, but it was obvious that Mo Fan had purposely changed its direction.

Mu Ningxue knew that she had lost the duel.

The Ice Locks were not the best ability to defend herself. There was no way she could prevent herself from being harmed by the Thunderbolt: Yaksha.

She did not understand; how did Mo Fan possess such an overwhelming strength without the resources from joining a formidable faction?

There were quite a few disciples from renowned families. Even they did not have a single Spirit-grade Seed, and Mo Fan, who did not come from a formidable background already had two!

The resources distributed to the disciples were already limited. Most of the resources were spent on Stardust Magic Tools, Nebula Tools, and Equipment. Many families could not afford to spend more resources buying Soul Seeds for their disciples, apart from the extremely talented ones.

How was it not astonishing that Mo Fan had two Soul Seeds, when the disciples of renowned families did not even have one?

Most importantly, he had three different Elements! Normally, his cultivation would be affected, since he would spend less time on any one Element. However, that was not the case for him.

His Fire had reached the second tier of the Intermediate Level.

His Lightning had also reached the second tier of the Intermediate Level!

Mu Ningxue knew from before that Mo Fan was setting his feet on an extraordinary path as a magician, but she never thought he would be this brilliant!

------

"Did Mo Fan win?" Bai Tingting asked softly.

"He did win, but..." Mr. Gu Han had yet to collect his thoughts.

"I've always heard how the demon king is unbeatable, but it turned out that it was only a part of his strength. Born with two Elements, having both a Lightning and a Fire Spirit Seed, second tier of Intermediate Level, f**k me. He could easily crush everyone from our Pearl Institute with either one of those two Elements!" Peng Liang exclaimed loudly.

"Either way, he has won the battle. He has defeated the Imperial College's ace!" Zhao Manting raised his thumb at Mo Fan with a smile.

He had finally witnessed Mo Fan's true strength. If it weren't for the fact that the Imperial College had a crazily talented Mu Ningxue, Mo Fan would have definitely continued to hide the truth. He was surely worthy of being titled the demon king of their Pearl Institute!

"Nice one, well done!" Mr. Qiu Yuhua said.

Mu Ningxue walked off the stage without saying anything after she was defeated by Mo Fan.

The tide of the battle shifted as soon as she left the stage. First, Song Xia's Fire was no longer being restricted by the enemy's powerful domain. As a result, the violent girl unleashed all her rage at the Violent Mark Wolf.

Mo Fan had already defeated two of the students with his Fiery Fist and Groundbreak combo. Now that Mu Ningxue had left the battle, Lu Zhenghe was the only one left. There was no way he could do anything against his enemies.

Lu Zhenghe was not content with the result. He could only withdraw the Violent Mark Wolf after glaring at Mo Fan.

"The Pearl Institute has won… unbelievable..."

"Holy crap, the second team from the Imperial College was strong enough to take on four or five of our teams! Despite that, the Pearl Institute still won the battle! That guy with the name Mo Fan is so strong! I wonder which renowned family is he from?"

"I bet you can only find such talent at the Enforcement Union, he might be one of them."

The students and teachers from other schools were rabidly gossiping among themselves. Similarly, the students and teachers of the Imperial College were utterly dumbfounded.

Have we really lost the battle, despite having Mu Ningxue and Lu Zhenghe as our representatives?

It was definitely not something that they could easily accept!

Where did that guy call Mo Fan came from? Are we sure that he's not those students who have yet to graduate from University after many years?

Wait a second, even they would not have such terrifying strength!

