Chapter 212: Put His All Into the Fight!

Chapter 212: Put His All Into the Fight!

Translator: Tofu Editor: Tofu

My strength has indeed increased. However, my father, Mo Jiaxing, and Xinxia do not have the ability to protect themselves!

That guy Yu Ang was still alive. Considering the Black Vatican are people who would use twisted methods to force Mo fan to take out the Underground Holy Spring, the best way for them would be to attack his direct relatives!

Not good, he couldn’t just sit and wait for his death. The enemy was in the dark, whereas he was in the light…

“Lingling, tell Old Bao that I don’t need protection. Let Senior brother Dasheng protect my dad, Mo Jiaxing. And then, Lingling, I beg you, please go and protect my little sister Ye Xinxia,” Mo Fan quickly took out the phone to call Lingling.

“The mission was for us to protect you,” Lingling said.

“If something were to happen to them, then I wouldn’t be any different from being dead,” Mo Fan said.

“This…” Lingling was hesitating.

However, Old Bao’s voice quickly transmitted over, “Dasheng, go. Protect Mo Fan’s father. Lingling, you pay attention to his sister.”

“Thank you,” Mo Fan said gratefully.

“Dasheng and Lingling won’t be by your side. My other disciples are not here, either. There’s no one to protect you, so you need to be careful of everything. If you really can’t endure, then you can come and hide in the Clearsky Hunter Agency. There is no one who would dare to cause trouble in my, Old Bao’s, territory. Not even the power that wants to deal with you!” Old Bao declared firmly.

“I just happen to want to meet them. That way, I can go back home next year and use their blood to offer to my ancestors!” Mo Fan said ferociously.

If these scumbags from the Black Vatican really thought that Mo Fan was the same person as he was in the past, then they would be making a great mistake!

In the past, his strength was indeed weak. There were many things he could only stare helplessly at.

Back at the arena, when Mo Fan saw these girls crawling out of the carcasses of the Skin Scale Phantoms, Mo Fan suddenly realized that many of the people in Bo City were just like them. Each and every one of them was just like these infected girls. They begged to live, including He Yu, who had given her life for Zhang Hou. When she was on the verge of death, the thought of her exchanging her life for his caused people’s hearts to grieve.

That’s why Mo Fan charged into the arena with the intention to save people. When your strength had achieved that level, and you had the capabilities to save someone, yet you chose to turn around to leave and pay no heed to them… that kind of conscience would follow you for life. It would make him no different than those dogs from Black Vatican!

Perhaps he currently did not have the courage to sacrifice himself for justice like Boss Zhankong, nor was he as great as He Yu, who had used her own life to trade for the one boy that she secretly loved. However, if the him at that time possessed the strength he had now, then he would definitely would not have hesitated to blast the Black Vatican to pieces!

These animals that were just as bad as Magical Beasts came just in time…

The Underground Holy Spring is indeed in the hands of your father, Mo Fan. If you have the skills, then come and get it!

This time, whoever comes, is whoever dies!

…

“Oh? Are you sure that you’re done preparing?” Dean Xiao was a little startled as he looked at this student who seemed as though he had suddenly changed personality.

“Yeah, I will enter the Three Step Pagoda to cultivate,” Mo Fan said with great determination.

The Black Vatican would probably dispatch some person with power to deal with him. Mo Fan was not sure, but Old Bao seemed to know the inside information. He told Mo Fan that the Advanced Magicians were mostly under watch. Additionally, Pearl Institute was overseen by an expert like Dean Xiao. Those who are even higher than Advanced Magicians would definitely not enter the University to ambush him.

The Black Vatican had already been put under tight surveillance by the Magic Court and other influential powers.

However, this kind of thing was like a net. They had firmly captured the range of Black Vatican activities within the web, but at same time, it meant there were some who had escaped from it. Or, they could’ve gone through a long and complex process to hire some others to ambush him instead. Thus, the Pearl Institute and Magic Court were unable to completely prevent the pawns of Black Vatican from infiltrating.

As for hiding…

This kind of thing could be hidden from for a while, but you could not hide from the world. Mo Fan could not be cut off from the world forever.

Mo Fan himself would not hide, either!

“Alright, I will help you apply now. This requires some time, stay in school to focus on your cultivation,” Dean Xiao said.

“Thank you, Dean,” Mo Fan nodded. The Three Step Pagoda had similar effects to the Underground Holy Spring, it would definitely have a great effect on increasing his strength.

“This is what you fought for yourself, don’t thank me. Not only that, you’ve also done a great contribution for the school for the matter at the arena. It wouldn’t be unreasonable for us to award you even more things, however, you are also aware of your transaction about the meritorious award, and also the fact that you almost killed someone…” Dean Xiao said with a smile.

“So you already knew,” Mo Fan said awkwardly.

“I’ll notify you once I’ve arranged it,” Dean Xiao said.

“Mhm, then I’ll leave first.”

Just when Mo Fan was about to leave, a male teacher walked out from the hall next to them.

Mr. Guhan looked at Mo Fan, who was walking away through the window. He turned around and looked at Dean Xiao.

“Since we’ve already been notified, then why aren’t we simply hiding him? The Black Vatican are capable of doing anything, they will always find any kind of method to deal with the people that they are targeting. We are in the light, we are not guaranteed to be able to control this situation,” Mr. Guhan said sincerely.

“To eradicate the Black Vatican is everyone’s responsibility. Our schools should also put forth some strength. After investigation from different places, the current Black Vatican has suddenly been closed tightly. The Magic Court and the different influential forces have basically caught only their shadow.

“This time, they’ve been hiding for more than a year, and they finally showed some movement; furthermore, it’s toward a student. Presumably, Mo Fan has something on him that would indeed be something both you and they would need, or else they would not make a move at this time,” Dean Xiao stroked his beard.

“So, the Magic Courts are planning on using the opportunity of the Black Vatican’s move this time to dig out some of the things they are planning, and from there, dig out the whereabouts of Sa Lang?” Guhan said.

“Exactly. Doing this may expose Mo Fan to some danger… however, I believe this child has the ability to protect himself. The Black Vatican has been successful in their endeavors for all these years, they are guilty of monstrous crimes. If we still cannot arrest them, then who knows how many more calamities like Bo City will happen,” Dean Xiao said.

The matter of Bo City had already passed by a few years ago. The people might gradually forget about it, but the government, Magic Association, Hunter Union, and other influential forces would definitely not let them go. This thing needed to have an end.

“Since we have received the tips from the Magic Court, then why don’t we directly tell Mo Fan. After all, he is the bait. He should at least know that,” Guhan asked.

“He’s a smart person. I believe he already knows it deep inside. If he was scared, then he would’ve hidden himself already. He brought up the Three Step Pagoda, this means he wants to increase his strength and fight back against the Black Vatican. He has made his own decision,” Dean Xiao said.

“I am still a little bit worried. The Black Vatican are vicious and merciless, difficult to guard against whereas he is only a student…”

“Let’s choose to believe in him. He is much stronger than what we have imagined, and smarter,” Dean Xiao said.

Not too long after Mo Fan had nearly killed someone, Dean Xiao had received some information form the Magic Court. From themm, Dean Xiao was able to understand why Mo Fan was so vicious in his attacks toward the people that had attacked him.

Mo Fan already knew that he was currently in a situation where his life was in danger.

However, he didn’t run. This gave Dean Xiao no choice but to acknowledge this student’s spirit.

Even if he was to run, he still couldn’t run from the world!

Dean Xiao believed that he had made the correct decision!

