Chapter 277: Charge!

The Cavern Slaves let out a weird shriek. They were afraid of the Intermediate Spells, yet they were still lunging forward without hesitation. It appeared that they were using their own flesh to clear the path for their comrades.

The Intermediate Spells were powerful, but they were not enough to hold off the Cavern Slaves' kamikaze push. The Cavern Slaves rapidly drew nearer to the group of students.

"Attack, kill them all, we can't let them get any closer! Otherwise, we will be buried here!" Lu Zhenghe yelled.

Everyone no longer dared to conserve their magic, casting their spells continuously, with no disconnection between the projectiles. Fire Burst, Earth Wave, Lightning Strike, Brilliant Light; the glows emitted from each Element lit up the pitch-black tunnel like a violent rainbow, together with explosions, mudslides, frost, blinding flashes, vine whips...

Casting an Intermediate Spell required the alignment of forty-nine Stars, thus slowing the rate of attacks, and if they lost awareness of their surroundings for just a second, there was a high chance that they would be smashed into pieces by the sticks of their attackers. The Cavern Slaves would not give them enough time to finish their channeling.

They would need some protection in order to cast Intermediate Spells, as spending three to six seconds just to align the Stars was more than enough for them to die a few times over to the heavy blows of the bone sticks.

Luckily, the group consisted of quite a number of students. Seventeen Intermediate Magicians took turns to attack with their magic, while mixing one or two Intermediate spells in between. They managed to get the situation under control by preventing the Cavern Slaves from approaching closer than twenty meters to them.

The Cavern Slaves were pretty much practice targets. It was impossible for them to get any closer as long as the group had enough firepower.

The only threat was still the caves on the sides, since no one could tell how many of these ugly beasts were still waiting in them.

"Watch out!" Bai Tingting blurted out when she suddenly noticed something out of place beside Liao Mingxuan.

Liao Mingxuan reacted swiftly, using the Wind Track: Flash Steps to relocate himself.

A huge Cavern Slave crossed paths with Liao Mingxuan. Its bone stick almost struck his skull with a mighty swing.

"Damn it, why are the monsters in these caves never-ending!" Liao Mingxuan moved to a safer spot and watched the caves with lingering fear.

There were three caves on the sides. Two of them no longer had any beasts jumping out from them, indicating that the beasts inside were completely eliminated... but more than ten had already come out from the remaining big cave. Some among the group were forced to use their defensive gear. Meanwhile, Bai Tingting had never stopped using her Healing Magic...

"Mo Fan, charge into the cave with me." Mu Ningxue said, glancing at Mo Fan while pointing at the cave.

"Do we really have to be so aggressive?" Mo Fan was not so willing. Heaven knows how many beasts there are inside the cave? What if we can't get out after charging into it?

Mu Ningxue did not want to waste her time debating with Mo Fan. She drifted on an icy Wind Path and disappeared into the cave in full darkness.

Mo Fan had no choice but to put his life at stake to keep the beautiful woman company. He followed Mu Ningxue into the cave.

It turned out that the cave was extremely spacious, at least double the size of the tunnel. Mo Fan had no idea that these ugly Cavern Slaves enjoyed such great accommodations. Unlucky for them, it was time to burn them all down!

As Mo Fan raised his hands, flames ignited on both his palms: Burning Bones on the left and Rupture on the right. Mo Fan did not even care if there were beasts nearby, since they could still be used as sources of light.

The blaze lit up the entire cave. Mo Fan surprisingly discovered that the cave was actually connected to the other caves!

"Motherf**ker, no wonder the beasts kept coming! The caves are interconnected! The Cavern Slaves from the other caves can come through them!" Mo Fan cursed.

Mu Ningxue led the way, leaving a proud, icy back to Mo Fan as usual. Her Wind Track's speed was double the speed of an ordinary Wind Path. She boldly proceeded forward with utter confidence, and it seemed she was planning to flank the enemies using the cave in return.

The Nirvana Ice Domain spread through her surroundings automatically as she moved. Through its unique aura, she could easily detect any movement in her surroundings without relying on her vision.

As they passed through the cave, four pairs of eyes suddenly sprang open in the midst of darkness, followed by a shuffling noise.

The Cavern Slaves surely had some way to see in the dark. They were waiting for Mu Ningxue to approach them in the corner, but little did they know, the claws of the ice had already reached out to them while they were holding their breath and lying on the ground.

"Maa!!"

The four Cavern Slaves let out a terrifying scream as they lunged toward Mu Ningxue from four different directions.

Mu Ningxue remained stationary in the middle. Her icy eyes flickered menacingly.

"Ice Lock."

She had already completed the Star Pattern. It was hilarious that the four Cavern Slaves thought they had hidden their presence well.

The thick ice chains appeared from nowhere, launching themselves toward the four Cavern Slaves at Mu Ningxue's command.

The ice chains caught the Cavern Slaves off guard, wrapping around the beasts in the air.

"Bone Husk!"

Mu Ningxue proceeded with the follow-up move, and the ice chains clenched tightly with outstanding might.

The horrifying sound of bones crackling echoed in the cave. The four Cavern Slaves did not stand a single chance. The bone sticks in their hands fell to the ground as they exhaled their last breaths.

Mo Fan had no way to increase his movement speed. As soon as he caught up to Mu Ningxue, he was right in time to witness the four Cavern Slaves being shattered into pieces by the Ice Lock: Bone Husk. Mu Ningxue was standing right in the middle of the four corpses, and glanced at the irritatingly slow Mo Fan in silence, before continuing forward with her Wind Track.

Mo Fan was left speechless. He was about to go after her when he felt the slight shudder from his Little Loach Pendant.

"Right, these Soul Remnants can be turned into Soul Essences." Mo Fan recalled it in the thick of things and quickly collected the Soul Remnants of the Cavern Slaves.

The Soul Remnants would only linger for a short period of time after their death, thus he had to be quick in retrieving them, otherwise, they would just disappear.

Mo Fan quickly went after Mu Ningxue after he was done with his task, but it turned out that Mu Ningxue totally had no mercy, unlike a normal woman. Mo Fan could see several corpses turned into ice statues along the way.

Mo Fan decisively collected the Soul Remnants. He barely caught a glimpse of Mu Ningxue before she disappeared within the blink of an eye again. Mo Fan could not help but murmur, "Damn it, why do I feel like I'm a newbie being carried by a big sister in an instance? Should I just follow behind her and pick up the loot?"

