Chapter 260: Warrior Level Summoned Beas

"Shit, my speed has also been slowed!" Shen Mingxiao cursed.

Shen Mingxiao's major Element was Wind. When he released his Star Path, he would normally be able to quickly move around within the wind area and only leave behind a remnant of his shadow. However, the ice underneath his feet critically impacted his movement. The chill ice had him feeling like he was running through a heavy snow.

The speed of Wind Trail, Floating Shadows speed was nowhere close to the second level of Wind Trails, Flash Steps. If the opposite side also had a Wind Magician that was not was not restricted by this Domain, then his sluggish speed would definitely get beaten down!

"Lightning Strike, Wrath Shock!"

As they were just entering the Ice Domain, the people from the Imperial College immediately began their assault.

A Primary Lightning Magic. The purple Lightning traces were using the ice on the ground as a intermediary to move. In just a moment, the ground beneath everyone's feet had turned into a long Lightning Arc as it let out a crackling sound.

Ice Spread had the power to greatly decrease speed. Adding the Lightning Strike's paralysis to it, the students of Pearl Institute would have difficulties moving about.

"Don't panic, let me take care of them!" When Mo Fan saw everyone was about to hide, he spoke up.

At this moment, Song Xia, Mu Nujiao, Shen Mingxiao recalled that Mo Fan was also a Lightning Magician. The Lightning Strike might not be able to move about freely on the ground.

Mo Fan stood in the front and faced the Lightning traces scuttling forth on the ground.

A purple Lightning Arc came forth, and the Lightning Arc began to guide his opponent's Lightning Strike toward himself.

The Lightning's arc was just like a python. When it saw that Mo Fan's body had Lightning, it began to act like a python seeking its prey, frantically winding around Mo Fan. Soon enough, Mo Fan was completely covered with the Lightning Arc.

Lightning Strike possess the ability to paralyze and lash others. However, Mo Fan did not feel any of that.

As he grasped it in his hand, the aura of the second level Lightning Nebula began to spread, quickly intimidating the Lightning Arc that was attempting to hurt Mo Fan.

"It's my turn! Lightning Strike!"

Mo Fan turned all of the electricity into his own power as dark clouds began to gather in the sky above his head.

Following Mo Fan's order, the Lightning Strike with double the power smashed into the ground as it attacked the four people from Imperial College…

"This kid sure is gutsy!" Ming Cong, the Lightning element user, coldly hmphed, "Holy Shield, protect!"

Ming Cong was basically reverse-slapped. He had no choice but to use his Intermediate Light Magic, or else the Lightning Strike would be a great problem for his team.

Countering someone else's Lightning by absorbing it, that was something you could only do if you had complete confidence in your own grasp over Lightning. Not only did your cultivation have to be higher than the other person, you also had to complete your Star Path during the moment the opponent's Lightning Strike was about to take effect.

If not, the Lightning wouldn't be able to come forth, and could potentially feed back to the user and injure them badly!

Mo Fan had watched the opponent's Lightning Strike as he was completing his Star Atlas. If there was any kind of slip up during this process, he would've had to use his own flesh to defend against the Lightning Strike!

"Good job!" Song Xia exclaimed in praise.

Mu Nujiao's eyes also began to shine a bit. This Great Demon of Pearl Institute sure was extremely brazen. He actually returned the Lightning back with double the energy to the other person, giving the other caster no choice but to use their Intermediate Magic to block it!

Everyone had a limited amount of mana. Intermediate Magic was not something they could use without limit. Everytime they used Intermediate Magic, they would use up a lot of mana. Thus, if they were able to use Primary Magic to force their opponents to use an Intermediate spell to defend, they'd be making a profit.

------

"Your little trick was a bit too shallow. Let me deal with them." Lu Zhenghe was displaying his extreme arrogance in front of the others.

This guy had been standing at the very back from the start. It wasn't because he was afraid, it was because as long as he was able to call forth his contracted beast, then the opposite side would get beaten down easily.

Drawing the Star Atlas of the Summoning Element was extremely strenuous. Furthermore, it was equal to multiple uses of Intermediate Magic. The Summoning Element's Intermediate Magic activation time was two or three times longer than other Elements.

To justify smiling arrogantly within this area, Lu Zhenghe did not want to make any mistakes as he went through the Summoning.

His Star Atlas was already three-fourths complete, and Lu Zhenghe couldn't help but smile. The people from Pearl Institute were a group of blockheads, they actually didn't know what kind of consequences came from allowing a Summoner to complete his magic.

"Do you really think you can safely Summon?" Just as Lu Zhenghe was feeling a bit of disdain, a voice came forth from the wind.

Lu Zhenghe looked to his side, and realized the guy called Shen Mingxiao had used his Wind Trail to appear there from nowhere.

"Hehe, do you really think you can interrupt me?" Lu Zhenghe was a bit surprised, but he was not panicking.

His Star Atlas did not stop, he was only missing the last link of the Star Path.

Shen Mingxiao hated people who looks down on him. He drew help from his own speed to create a frantic wind. It was like an autumn gale sweeping away the fallen leaves as it swept toward Lu Zhenghe.

The places Shen Mingxiao quickly moved through immediately created a chaotic slipstream. It was like a current had suddenly struck against a rock, creating an incredibly strong force as it attacked Lu Zhenghe!

Lu Zhenghe stood there without moving. His face was filled with smiles.

Just as the frantic wind was about to blow him away, countless water droplets suddenly came out of nowhere.

The blue water droplets gathered and turned into a soft Water Barrier. The Water Barrier curled in front of Lu Zhenghe in order to protect him from the engulfing, frantic wind…

The Water Barrier was like a waterfall being blown by a strong wind, and began to slant sideways. However, Lu Zhenghe was perfectly unharmed behind the protection of the Water Barrier.

"You can die now!" Lu Zhenghe mocked his attacker. "Contract Summoning, Violent Mark Wolf!"

The pattern on the ground glowed like a moon. Lu Zhenghe confidently took a few steps backward, and the pattern suddenly grew a few times bigger. It felt like an ancient painting drawn above the ice, where each stroke was filled with some unknown energy that did not belong to this world.

As the glow reached its brightest point, the pattern suddenly became dark, like a black hole. A ferocious creature with an appearance similar to a wolf slowly floated up out of the hole.

Its fangs were incredibly sharp, while its savage nature was totally exposed by its pitch-black eyes. Its body was the size of an elephant, cracking the ice under its feet as it shifted its weight.

What astounded the crowd the most was the crazy marks spread all across its body, covering it from neck to tail as if it were placed under a curse, or some kind of seal that was restricting its power.

"Gods, a Warrior-level Summoned creature!" some random student from a random school suddenly screamed.

Warrior-level!

