Chapter 270: A Mutated Monster!

Edited by RED

Translated by Xephiz

The enormous blue beast paused on a wild grassland, where the man in the leather jacket was gliding in the air while maintaining his altitude. His figure was like a bat as he entered the Senior Hunter's vision, looking quite small against the background of the area.

Suddenly, a strong blast erupted on the grassland. The shockwave from it caused the grass to bend ninety degrees flat as it swept through the surroundings.

"Yao Nan, watch out!" the Senior Hunter warned.

"What do you mean...Oh hell no, he's right under me!"

"Big guy, save him!" the Senior Hunter yelled.

The giant blue beast kicked the ground, and its hill-sized figure leapt into the air. The jump covered a distance of one kilometer from the edge of the grassland.

It made another jump, whose figure cast a huge shadow across the place under the moonlight, landing close to the center of the grassland. The distance that it covered with two jumps was absolutely insane!

ROAR!

In the midst of a powerful gust of wind, something slammed right into the winged man. He dropped rapidly at a slanted angle and slammed right into the ground, leaving a huge gouge in the ground behind him. He finally stopped after sliding a great distance across the ground.

"Yao Nan, are you alright?" the Senior Hunter on the huge beast asked.

"Still...still alive… that guy is very strong, be careful!" Yao Nan said.

"The test subject this time was an Advanced magician. All his three of his Elements have mutated. Since he was already an Advanced magician to begin with, the monster he transformed into is surely going to be more terrifying!" the Senior Hunter said.

"You should really end the experiment as early as possible. This is too scary. I can easily handle a few Advanced Magicians on my own, but this monster..."

The Senior Hunter did not respond to Yao Nan's comment, as he was being stared at by a pair of bloodshot eyes.

The enormous blue beast was considered quite outstanding among Commander-level creatures. Normally, beasts with weaker strength would shiver in fear when they saw it, but the monster did not show any sign of fear at all. Instead, it seemed like it was ready to kill!

"Yao Nan, this place is close to the railway. You should head there and keep an eye out, to prevent the shockwaves of the battle from involving the innocent," the Senior Hunter said after a while.

"Roger!"

"Let me handle this monster!" The Senior Hunter's gaze turned cold as brilliant Star Patterns appeared close to his body.

Not only did the Star Patterns appear below his feet, there were also around his body and above his head. The speed he aligned the Stars was absolutely nuts.

Furthermore, a mysterious pattern was also drawn to align the different Star Patterns, causing the Stars to cross paths with one another like meteors. The amount of Stars was enough to fill the entire sky...

In the distance, Yao Nan shook his head when he saw brilliant Star Patterns rising up around the Senior Hunter and said, "A Senior Hunter is indeed out of my league, using an Advanced magic as his first move!"

---

The moonlight reflected on the metallic surface of the white railcar. The coaches of the railcar traveled rapidly across the boundless field. It did not slow down, even when it was going into turns. It was leaving a white glow behind on the vast land due to its speed.

Yao Nan clenched his chest. Blood could be seen from his mouth as he was flapping his wings while maintaining his position above the railcar.

A strong wind blew due to the insane speed of the railcar, leaving Yao Nan's hair disheveled.

Yao Nan began to cast his magic. He was casting the Water Curtain of the Water Element to protect the entire railcar.

"Damn it, it's coming!" Yao Nan quickened his pace.

The Water Curtain was a giant water barrier. The water screen sparkled in the moonlight, forming a waterfall flowing from the front to the back of the railcar along its roof.

Deep cracks began to appear on the ground close to the railway. Some parts even began to crumble, forming a canyon as a violent quake came from afar.

With a closer look, one could see the shockwave was spreading rapidly from the spot where the Senior Hunter was fighting the monster. The railcar was at least two kilometers away, and it was obvious that the Senior Hunter was not the person responsible for the shockwave. It was enough to highlight the utterly terrifying destructive force the monster had.

The Water Curtain vibrated vigorously as the shockwave collided with it, feeling like it was on the verge of breaking.

"Such incredible force? How is it so strong ,even when we're so far away? What exactly has the military done?" Yao Nan blurted out with a hint of worry when he saw his Water Curtain almost shatter.

-------

The Magic Association of the capital was located inside an ancient palace, and so it was also referred to as the Magic Palace.

The Magic Palace and the Oriental Pearl Tower were considered the strongest Magic Associations in the country, and were incredibly famous across the entire world.

The Magic Palace consisted of an ancient courtyard, pagodas, sculpted hills, and arbours.

The west pagoda currently had four people seated around a wooden table. The person pouring tea was a middle-aged man, wearing an ancient hat. His sideburns were already turning white, but there were no wrinkles on his face.

Meanwhile, the person with his hands on the table as he sat sideways looked like a fighting man or soldier, based on his attire. It was obvious from the number of badges that his achievements were quite formidable.

Sitting opposite the soldier was the old professor, Qiu Yuhua, who was finishing his sip of the tea. Despite that, he was not really interested in the tea.

"What's with the matter now? None of us should be considered at fault," the half-aged man with the hat said.

"I'm not sulking, but it has escalated to the question of where should we draw the line. I've already made it clear that you will not get your hands on him. End of discussion! General Lu Nian, enough with your arrogance, and stop trying to proclaim that you're doing it for the country or the human race. In the end, you're only doing something that the Black Vatican would do! The chairmen of the Magic Associations from all five continents have made it clear that they won't accept it as a new magic Element. What you're trying to do is demonic, you will definitely pay for what you've done!" Qiu Yuhua burst out, scolding the man without mercy.

