Chapter 216: Southeast Asian

Chapter 216: Southeast Asian

Translator: Tofu Editor: Tofu

Mo Fan has his eyes fixated on a couple of people in formal wear. It was very clear that these people were emitting a magic aura.

Their faces were cautious as they watched Mo Fan. Among them, a relatively young man with a strong nose took a short step forward and said, “Magician, don’t meddle. This girl was disrespectful towards our king… was disrespectful toward our Young Master. We don’t plan on making it difficult for her, we only require her to apologize to our Young Master.”

“Have you read too many Wuxia novels, you even talking about Young Masters? Isn’t he just a wealthy second generation who has eaten his fill!” Ai Tutu immediately spat.

“Who are these people?” Mo Fan carefully glanced at these people and realized that although these people did look asian, the outlines of their eyes and faces were a bit different. They looked more like people from Southeast Asia.

“I don’t know,” Ai Tutu said innocently.

Mo Fan was speechless toward this girl. She dared to provoke them despite not knowing their background.

“We are already very polite. Since we are unable to continue this in a good manner, then don’t blame us…” one of the men with a high nose said.

After saying this, he began to emit an even stronger and fiercer magic aura. It carried a red heat as it spread into the surroundings in this cold weather.

The other people were doing the same. They were all Magicians that weren’t weak, they didn’t seem to take the civilians on this street into account…

“Little Brother from the Magic Courts, we meet again. Eh, why are there magic activities?” Just when the opposite party was about to make a move, a middle aged uncle greeted Mo Fan with a smile.

Mo Fan turned around and realized it was the Appraisal Magician from the Magic Association, Guo Liyu.

“Ah, it’s Great Appraiser Guo, you still remember me,” Mo Fan said with a smile.

Mo Fan remembered that when he went to get his Awakening, this great Appraiser was actually very cold toward him. So why was he being so warm to him now?

“Magic Court??” The young man with a high nose immediately creased his eyebrows. He glanced at the other people.

It seemed as though they were very scared of the Magic Courts. The few people did not say anything else, and instead turned around and left. They did not look back or pursue anything else.

Mo Fan looked at the couple of strange Southern Asian people and felt very confused. Could it be that they came here illegally, or else why would they run away like rabbits when they heard Magic Courts?

“Did something happen?” Guo Liyu asked.

“Oh, since you guys are familiar with each other, you can continue talking, I’ll leave first,” Ai Tutu’s eyes flashed slyly. She ran away before she finished talking.

Mo Fan was even more confused about this situation, However, he was not bothered enough to ask. The issues he had were already a lot, so why would he care about that big milk rabbit’s matters?

“I’m not from the Magic Courts, the person who introduced me to you was my teacher,” Mo Fan awkwardly explained.

“Oh, oh, it’s like that…Oh yeah, I saw your teacher, Tangyue, a while ago. Her cultivation caused even me, an old man, to feel like I was inferior,’ Guo Liyu said with a sigh.

“She’s in Shanghai?” Mo Fan asked.

“Yeah, she brought me along to assess a kind of jade. It was strange, I wonder why she was looking for a jade that attracts those from the Snake clans. Carrying something like that around is relatively dangerous,” Guo Liyu said.

Mo Fan remembered that Ms Tangyue did say she was coming to Shanghai. I wonder why she didn’t contact me?

A while ago, Mo Fan did try to contact her through the phone. However, it kept going to voicemail. During those times, it was because she was on a mission.

Snake Jade Stone?

Just what kind of mission is Tangyue doing for her to use that kind of strange thing?

“Next time you Awaken, come to me alright, I will definitely give you the best materials… Oh, the next time you Awaken, you’ll be an highly esteemed Advanced Magician,” Guo Liyu said.

“Alright, alright, then I’ll thank you in advance,” Mo Fan nodded.

After coming out of isolation, he had already encountered strange things. Firstly, he encountered the southeast asian people who were scared of the Magic Court, and then he heard about Tangyue doing a strange mission.

Forget it, these were not things that he could do anything about.

After returning to his residence, Mo Fan realized that the Mu Nujiao, who was seldom meditating in the living room, was actually sitting on the couch by herself.

This girl must’ve done yoga before. Her sitting pose was extremely beautiful. From her plump chest to her hips to her butt, the curves was so beautiful that it truly made one forget how to think…

Then looking at those delicate, straight long legs, bright and clean, round, it was like they were as vulnerable as glass!

Tsk tsk, he could play with those legs for a whole year!

Mu Nujiao must’ve sensed that someone was looking at her. However, she must’ve thought it was Ai Tutu, or she could’ve reached a crucial stage. Ignoring him, she was immersed in her cultivation.

Very soon, Mo Fan realized that there was a bracelet on Mu Nujiao’s wrist that was currently letting out a special light. It turned dark and then bright, matching the rhythm of Mu Nujiao’s steady breathing.

“A Nebula Magic Tool?” Mo Fan looked at her in surprise.

The higher-quality Stardust Magic Tools were already extremely expensive. In Bo City, it appeared that only Mu Ningxue had a Spirit-grade Stardust Magic Tool on her.

On Mu Nujiao’s arm was a Nebula Magic Tool that could nourish Nebulas. Although he could not determine what grade it was, Mo Fan realized the light and warmth it exuded was nowhere inferior to the little Loach Pendant.

Just how big were the assets of the Mu Family. They would actually gift something so precious to a girl who was barely twenty!

In fact, after he came back from Winter Vacation, Mo Fan sensed that Mu Nujia’s cultivation had increased by a lot. Back then, he didn’t dare to confirm it, but now Mo Fan could clearly sense it.

“Experts have their own fates,” Mo Fan sighed.

He himself had obtained the baptism of the Three Step Pagoda. His strengths had advanced by leaps and bounds. Mu Nujiao, a disciple from a big ancestral family, must have had her own luck. Even if he was able to put all those normal people to the very back, it didn’t mean that he could completely pressure those people from outstanding ancestral families and those who did their best at cultivating.

——-

Mu Nujiao seemed to be making an effort for the Main Campus Examination. In order to enter the Main Campus, one had to have an outstanding performance.

Mo Fan himself also knew this. As he had many enemies, he would definitely attract a very cruel test on the Main Campus Examination. Furthermore, he also had to consider the Black Vatican, who would make a move on him at any time.

Mo Fan didn’t goof around, he went to the balcony to cultivate.

Not too long after he left, the beautiful lashes of Mu Nujiao on the couch began to move. A pair of beautiful eyes, like jade stones, opened slightly.

She glanced at Mo Fan, who was cultivating on the balcony, nibbled on her lip and asked, “How did this guy increase his cultivation by so much?”

Mu Nujiao was a bit unresigned. She could be said to have relied on her family’s colossal resources. It could be said that if she wanted to increase her cultivation, then her family would do everything just to help her achieve that.

This Mo Fan clearly did not have anything. So why was he able to maintain the same increase as her?

His Lightning Nebula had definitely reached the second level.

His Summoning Element had perhaps also reached the Intermediate level.

She had to put in even more effort. If it wasn’t for her family supporting her from behind, then she most likely would not have been his match!

Mu Nujiao closed her eyes again and entered deep meditation.

