Chapter 268: A Warrior Level Wolf!

Chapter 268: A Warrior Level Wolf!

Translator: Tofu Editor: Aelryinth

Both Qiu Yuhua and Zhao Manting had suggested Mo Fan not spend his resources on a creature that he had Summoned with the Dimensional Summoning.

In simple words, the creatures of Dimensional Summoning were like temporary laborers. They had their own lives to live. If one day, they managed to conquer their own dimension, they would no longer be willing to work for you.

Besides, it was possible that these creatures would die in their dimension, too, thus the investment was not secure at all.

As such, most of the Summoners would save up their resources until they reached the Intermediate level, just so they could spend them on their Contracted Beast, which would be treated like their own child.

Mo Fan was not a sentimental person. If the Spirit Wolf did not use its own body to knock Mu Nujiao’s Wind Disc: Tornado away during the Rookie Beast Battle Competition, Mo Fan would have considered saving up the resources for his Contracted Beast, too.

The Spirit Wolf was loyal and fearless, thus Mo Fan believed that it would become an important companion along his journey. Helping it to evolve was surely not a loss at all.

The Spirit Wolf was clearly aware of it, thus it was expressing its gratitude by rubbing its head against Mo Fan like a giant puppy.

Similar to the world outside the safe zones, the worlds in other dimensions also followed the law of the jungle. The Spirit Wolf definitely had a better chance at surviving in its world too if it were able to evolve.

“Alright, let’s begin!” Mo Fan said to the Spirit Wolf.

The Spirit Wolf uttered a cry filled with excitement.

The first step was to wash out the blood with the higher-tier blood, then construct the soul, and finally improve the flesh. Mo Fan had firmly remembered the steps for the process, since everything, including the Warrior Soul, was worth around twenty million RMB. If he ended up in the fifteen percent margin, he would simply delete his character.

Most summoners would spend the majority of their magic Feeding their Summoned beasts. On top of that, the evolution of the beasts required a huge amount of magic, too.

The blood washing was a lengthy process. It was somewhat similar to blood transfusion in the hospital. He needed to draw fifty percent of the blood out from the Summoned beast, then transfuse the new blood to trigger the blood transformation.

It was important to be extremely cautious during the process. After all, a beast like the Spirit Wolf would most likely die if it lost over fifty percent of its blood!

Fortunately, Mo Fan was still considered a magician with precise control of his magic. He first drew out fifty percent of the Servant-class blood from its body, then quickly inserted the Warrior-level blood.

For wolf species in particular, their lineage would usually be very useful, and it was quite rare for the different types of blood to be incompatible with one another. Although the Spirit Wolf’s body did experience a slight repulsion when the fresh blood was transfused into it, the two types of blood successfully merged together.

A purer lineage would grant greater power to the creature, thus it was always considered the most important.

Upon merging half of the Warrior-level blood, Mo Fan gave the Spirit Wolf some time to recover.

The Spirit Wolf howled and stood up once again. It was signalling Mo Fan to continue.

“Impressive, such fortitude!” Mo Fan nodded.

Soul constructing had a higher risk, as the soul was usually the weakest part of a creature. As such, spells that attacked a target’s soul would cause ten times more pain to it than ordinary attacks.

If somehow the previous soul was shattered, and the new soul failed to be constructed, it would be the end for the Spirit Wolf.

The process was a test of determination. Therefore, Mo Fan could not do anything to help. It would all rely on the Spirit Wolf itself, to see if it could endure the pain.

The Spirit Wolf cried out in agony the moment the spirit entered its body.

Due to the different classes among beasts, it was obvious that the presence of a higher-class creature would intimidate a lower-class creature. The worst thing that could happen to a lower-class creature when a Warrior Soul entered its body was getting its soul devoured!

The class of a Warrior Soul was higher than the class of a Servant Soul. As they naturally obeyed the rules of jungle, the Spirit Wolf had no choice but to endure the pressure from the Warrior Soul. Otherwise, its soul would be devoured instead! When that happened, it would be turned into a walking corpse.

Mo Fan waited with a stern look, similar to a father waiting outside the delivery room.

The Spirit Wolf continued to cry out in pain. It was obvious that its soul was suffering great pain.

It was clenching its teeth so tightly that not only the fangs were exposed, it felt like it was about to break them. Its cry felt like its heart was being torn apart.

The process lasted for only five minutes, but Mo Fan clearly knew how lengthy it was to the Spirit Wolf…

At least, it managed to endure it until the end.

The Spirit Wolf had always been persistent. It never asked Mo Fan to heal its wounds with his magic, as by allowing the wounds to heal themselves, it would improve its self-rejuvenating capability.

The improvement might be insignificant for a Servant-class beast, but it was enough to show its determination!

The Spirit Wolf was fully exhausted from being tortured during the soul constructing process.

However, since it was a refinement to its soul, any creature would feel the same way, regardless of how strong their body was.

That being said, the process had not ended yet.

The body strengthening phase was the easiest among the three. It could simply eat the heart and the bone dust, which could also replenish the lost energy in the previous steps.

The Spirit Wolf cried out at Mo Fan after a brief rest.

“Are you planning to evolve now?” Mo Fan asked.

The Spirit Wolf nodded.

“Alright, we should strike the iron while it’s hot!”

The most important stage had finally arrived. Once the three improvements were made, it would be the best for the Spirit Wolf to evolve when the effects were still fresh. The Spirit Wolf did not want to miss such a great opportunity.

Mo Fan would be transferring his energy to the Spirit Wolf, and everything else was in the Spirit Wolf’s hands.

The Spirit Wolf stood in the middle of the training ground. Its body was giving off a strong odor due to its sweat. Its body was not as firm as usual, but its eyes seemed extremely determined.

The Spirit Wolf raised its head and howled into the sky.

The sound echoed in the training ground as the aura bursting out from its body summoned a ferocious gust of wind, sweeping the place and ruffling its fur.

Mo Fan had witnessed the process before. It happened beside an abandoned construction site, where he saw a One-Eyed Magic Wolf evolved into a Three-Eyed Magic Wolf. Its powerful presence had been suffocating.

A familiar scene was taking place here, but it felt like the Spirit Wolf’s aura was significantly stronger than the One-Eyed Magic Wolf!

It was quite reasonable too, as the One-Eyed Magic Wolf only drank a tiny amount of the Underground Holy Spring. It only made the One-Eyed Magic Wolf’s soul stronger, but did not improve its other areas.

The Spirit Wolf let out a second howl.

This time, a stronger force burst out from its body. It was the tide hidden in the previous wave, which forced Mo Fan to take few steps backward despitebeing an Intermediate Magician.

Dust was blowing all over the place, and the place looked cloudy. However, Mo Fan could see a tornado forming around the Spirit Wolf.

“This aura…did it work?” Mo Fan exclaimed joyously as shielded his eyes from the dust with his hands.

