Chapter 278: Flanking from Behind

The bone sticks smacked right into the ground and the wall Mu Ningxue was previously at.

This time, Mu Ningxue was having a hard time killing the Cavern Slaves instantly. First, there were seven of them in total, and second, her Ice Lock was on cooldown.

Using Intermediate Wind Magic in a cave like this was not effective at all, as the path between the caves was too narrow. Mu Ningxue could only use the Wind Track to speed herself up while waiting for her frost to spread forward.

However, the Cavern Slaves were not total idiots. They immediately smacked the ground with their bone sticks when they saw a layer of ice approaching their feet. The ice was instantly shattered, not allowed to spread any further ahead.

Their actions placed Mu Ningxue in quite a passive situation, and she had no choice but to back off.

"I should be waiting for that guy," Mu Ningxue said with a hint of remorse.

Mu Ningxue also realized that she had gone too far. She had no idea how long it would take Mo Fan to reach her since he did not have any movement magic.

He could easily deal with the Cavern Slaves. The combination of Fire and Lighting was like adding violence to violence, unlike her, who did not have any destructive moves when the Ice Lock was on cooldown.

"Guess I'll have to use my equipment," Mu Ningxue mumbled under her breath.

Mu Ningxue had been using the Wind Track to kite the seven Cavern Slaves for quite a while. However, with the bone sticks being swung around wildly, it was only a matter of time before she was hit.

"Qianjun Lightning Strike: Wrath Shock!"

In the midst of the darkness, a figure appeared from the shadows. He was already casting a few Lightning Strikes as he moved.

As Mo Fan sent out the order, the Lightning Strikes targeted the beast which was chasing after Mu Ningxue.

The Lightning Strikes struck consecutively. The numbness from the electrification and the stun from Qianjun's special effect stacked together, and the beast dropped lifelessly to the ground after being turned into a scorched meat lump.

Mu Ningxue's eyes flickered with a hint of joy when she saw Mo Fan.

She quickly used her Wind Track to move to Mo Fan's side. Her heavy panting showed that she had experienced some danger during the battle.

"One, two, three, four, five, six...Just about right!" Mo Fan said with a grin. When he was casting the Lightning Strike with his left hand, his right wrist had already turned fiery.

He did not launch the attack as he was worried that he would hurt Mu Ningxue too, but it was no longer his concern.

"Rose Flame Fiery Fist: Exploding Heaven!"

Using the Fiery Fist in such a limited space did not require any accuracy, as the spreading flame was enough to fill the entire area.

As Mo Fan threw his punch forward, the raging flames lunged at the six Cavern Slaves. No matter how hard they screamed and tried to flee, they had no chance to escape from the flames.

Mo Fan's Rose Flame Fiery Fist was way more ruthless than Song Xia's. Zhao Manting and Song Xia had first used Raging Waves, before following it up with the Fiery Fist to eliminate seven to eight Cavern Slaves. In comparison, Mo Fan's magic did not even need an Intermediate Spell to set the scene up. The double-power Rose Flame instantly burned the beasts into ashes. They did not have any time to feel pain.

Mu Ningxue's heart rippled as she glanced at the confident look on Mo Fan's face while feeling the heat from his aura.

In her memory, this fellow used to be making meaningless jokes all the time, but he had changed significantly now. She knew clearly, even when she was still a teenager, that only with enough power would they have the freedom to choose for themselves. She initially thought their paths would be separate, but they somehow stumbled into each other at the peak of their age group.

"Wasn't I cool?" Mo Fan turned his head and winked at Mu Ningxue.

"You've arrived earlier than I thought," Mu Ningxue totally ignored his question.

"Hehe." Mo Fan let out a charming smile as he mumbled in his heart, "I was using my Fleeing Shadow to get here, why wouldn't I be faster? Using League of Legend's terms, I have used my Ghost and Flash to save my teammate!"

The remaining flames of the Fiery Fist landed at different spots in the cave. The light was just enough to reveal the situation ahead.

Mu Ningxue glanced ahead and pointed at the wall, "There's a turn there."

"It might be connected to the other nests," Mo Fan said.

"Mm, you take the lead."

"..."

------

In the main tunnel, the other fifteen students were still busy holding the attackers from both directions off. The corpses had begun to pile up, but they still had no idea how many of these ugly beasts were left.

Luckily, since the threat from the sides was dealt with, they had organized seven magicians in each direction to take turns casting their spells. The Cavern Slaves' advancement was totally suppressed.

"Damn it, there are still a lot coming from behind them."

"Don't worry, they won't dare to simply rush and die in vain."

"Strange, why are they screaming in the back..."

"Who cares, I'll let them have a piece of my Fiery Fists!"

Song Xia threw a punch forward, to great effect. The flames killed four Cavern Slaves instantly!.

However, the group was confused when the Cavern Slaves who were gathering their comrades before their next attack seemed to be panicking all of a sudden.

"Rose Flame Fiery Fist: Groundbreak!"

"Nirvana Ice Lock: Bone Husk!"

The magic chants of a man and a woman were heard coming from the darkness ahead. Before anyone could react, a brilliant flower of death blossomed in front of the Cavern Slaves. Under the blinding blaze, an unknown number of Cavern Slaves were completely burned into ashes.

The Groundbreak was destructive enough on its own, but the thick chains of the deadly Ice Lock surrounded the Cavern Slaves and contracted rapidly. The Cavern Slaves who initially had a chance to escape from the Groundbreak were all pushed right into the flames!

The Cavern Slaves did not expect two Intermediate Spells enchanted by the Soul Seeds to attack them from behind. More than twenty of them died to the combination of ice and fire!

"It's Mo Fan and Mu Ningxue!"

"Damn it, how did they end up behind the Cavern Slaves?"

"I can't even describe how impressed I am!"

The group of students was wide-eyed, with fascinating expressions on their faces.

A few seconds ago, they were forced to take a defensive stance against the Cavern Slaves coming from both directions, but these two managed to make their way behind their enemies and flanked them in return!

Out of nowhere, the Cavern Slaves were suddenly being attacked from both directions. The morale of the students standing their ground against the Cavern Slaves in the front skyrocketed as they synchronized their attacks with the violent duo to bombard the Cavern Slaves with their magic!

