Chapter 255: Pearl vs Imperial

Chapter 255: Chapter 255 – Pearl VS Imperial

Translator: Tofu Editor: Aelryinth

“Don’t be excited. You’re not a part of the team being sent out.” Zhao Manyan patted Mo Fan’s shoulder.

“Why?” Mo Fan was unwilling.

“Shit, you even have the guts to say that? You only came after we made the name list!”

“Oh, oh. I was lost.”

Fortunately, the Imperial University was kind enough to agree to a double set of competitions.

In the first round, the Pearl Institute began by sending out Shen Xiaoming, Luo Song, Peng Liang, and Zhao Manyan.

Shen Mingxiao and Luo Song were two people that refused to accept lesser things. They saw numerous teachers and students from different schools, and also many beautiful girls and goddesses present. If they were able to defeat the Imperial College, then they would definitely become a hot topic instantly!

Shen Mingxiao, who had always had the title of a god in Pearl Institute, naturally did not want to miss out on this opportunity. He was taking advantage of Luo Song and Xu Dalong’s grudges to show off.

Luo Song and Xu Dalong had a deep grudge against one another. The second the two met, they immediately began to greet the “intimate” people of their own Element. Luo Song naturally would take charge in challenging him, he wanted to beat Xu Dalong down!

Peng Liang and Zhao Manyan were both listed by Mr. Gu Han, the two of them did not dare to disobey the orders of their teacher.

“Xu Dalong, Liao Mingxuan, Jing Jing, Zhao Mingyue; the four of you can take this turn. Don’t let us down,” Lu Yiming immediately called out four names.

“Yes, teacher!”

The four students of Imperial College walked out. Xu Dalong was a stereotypical muscular man, he did not look like a Magician at all. He looked more like a personal trainer specialized in tricking women.

Liao Mingxuan was very elegant. In terms of temperament, Mo Fan thought that he was the same type as that male b*tch Shen Mingxiao. Just because there were a few girls that would write them love letters and look at them with hearts all over their eyes, they started to think they were just as noble as princes!

Jing Jing and Zhao Mingyue were lady Magicians. When Mo Fan and Zhao Manyan were standing together, they had already carefully examined the two of them, and decided to name them Girl A and Girl B.

A was an A, B was a B. Their looks were very good also, the type you could fall for at first sight.

“I’ll bet a bag of spicy pepper that we’ll lose,” Mo Fan said to Zhao Manyan.

“What, can you see the cultivation of the other side?” Zhao Manyan raised his eyebrow.

No one else might know this, but Zhao Manyan was very clear that in terms of cultivation, Mo Fan should be the highest one around. Those with a higher cultivation were able to deduce the strength of others through the fluctuation of the Elements. With Mo Fan talking so big about them losing, this definitely meant that he must’ve understood something.

Mo Fan smiled mysteriously, but did not reply.

Mo Fan did not see their cultivation, it was just his happy wish.

-Shit, if they win, then how could I possibly display my incredible ability to save the world?-

There were some uniformed people sitting along the two sides, in the colors of Xiamen University and Huadong University. They were all rejoicing in other people’s misfortunes as they sat there watching the fight.

Mo Fan used his intent to roughly sweep past them. He realized that no matter which University or how it was ranked, all of the people that came here for the mock battles had the cultivation of an Intermediate Magician. Furthermore, most of them appeared to have been at the Intermediate level for quite some time.

Thinking about it, it did make sense. The great University’s rankings were still rankings. Those who were being dispatched to win honor for a University must be the experts of the experts, and each of them had a huge pool of talent to draw from. Promising youths like Mo Fan must also be quite a few in number. Since he didn’t come in the morning, he didn’t know just where their strengths lay. Either way, the girls seemed to be quite good…

On this side, the Pearl Institute and Imperial College’s peak battle was just about to begin.

“Fair conditions! For this Team Battle, all Magical Equipments and Tools cannot be used. Use Magic to make friends, don’t go further than necessary!”

The rules this time were a good thing for everyone. In the Imperial College, disciples from great families were as common as dogs. It was impossible for them to not have any extraordinary items on them. By eliminating Magic Equipment and Tools, it would force them to rely on their real strength.

As the two sides showed they were ready, the judge gave the order. The battle had begun!

From the moment it started, the spectators could clearly feel that the people were no longer the same. On Pearl Institute’s side, their formation was a bit more messy. Those watching could not tell which one of them was the front, nor who was the one standing behind for support. As for the four people of Imperial College, they most likely had trained together for more than just two days. Their cross-shaped formation was instantly completed.

Everyone could tell this was a training gap. It was clear that the four people from Pearl Institute were just troublemakers. They realized the Imperial College came very prepared as they quickly moved to their positions.

Zhao Manyan was standing at the very back. As an Intermediate Light Magician, he’d be protecting his team mates most of the time.

The opposite side’s Magic casting was extremely fast, especially the girl called Jing Jing. There was a dark green Star Atlas being quickly condensed beneath her feet, the glowing Stars within the Star Atlas had turned into vines that slowly intertwined with each other as they grew up along the girl’s long legs.

The Magic wrapped around her body. Judging by that vine, it seemed she was an Intermediate Plant Magician. This spell was extremely familiar to Mu Nujiao, who also possessed the Plant Element.

“It’s an Intermediate Magic, hurry up and take her down!” Shen Mingxiao immediately ordered Luo Song as he assumed the role of commander.

Luo Song’s face revealed a sly smile. He didn’t expend any real effort to ruin that Intermediate Magician’s beautiful Star Atlas, instead completing a Primary Earth Magic.

“I’ll make you a bit shaky, let’s see how you’re gonna be completing that Intermediate Magic!” Luo Song slapped his fat hands onto the ground.

The originally flat ground suddenly started creasing. These creases began to fluctuate, while at same time, the surface of the ground started trembling, stretching and retracting quickly. The four people of Imperial College standing in the cross formation immediately began to stumble.

“Do you really think that you’re the only one who knows Earth Magic?” Xu Dalong seemed to have prepared for this. Just as the Earth Ripple’s shaking was getting stronger, Xu Dalong stomped down with his foot!

At that stomp, everyone could see a brown earth ripple suddenly spreading out with Xu in the center. As the ripple spread, it calmed down the shaking surface of the ground in his surroundings. The Earth Demon that was about to start trouble was no longer daring to be rash…

Jing Jing, who was in the middle of brewing her Intermediate Magic, was still relatively stable. Even though she was about to fall to the ground just now, her Magic Star Path and Star Atlas were not interrupted.

As the green vines began to intertwine higher on her bosom, the Intermediate Plant Magic, Forest of Kun, had finished casting!

“Forest of Kun, Prison!” Jing Jing’s temperament immediately changed. Her eyes shone toward the four people of Pearl Institute, filled with arrogance.

“Enjoy being trapped by vines, bushes, demonic branches, and thorns!” she shouted.

