Chapter 238: Getting Attacked from all Sides!

Chapter 238: Getting Attacked from all Sides!

Translator: Tofu Editor: Tofu

The Spirit Wolf was extremely tough. Mo Fan said those ten Dark Beasts was its to deal with, so it decided it wanted to personally take care of them all. In the end, its whole body was covered with wounds. You could even see its bones in many places.

The Spirit Wolf was limping. Its lipswas still drawn back, but it didn’t appear frightening. It actually seemed charmingly naive, grinning in glee.

“You can go back and rest,” Mo Fan said as he unsummoned the Spirit Wolf. At the same time, he also used more of his Summoning mana to feed it.

His Summoning Elemental Nebula was extremely large now, and capable of providing an abundant amount of mana. Mo Fan was already able to calculate how much mana the Spirit Wolf would need before it would evolve.

That bottle of Warrior Beast Spirit that he had obtained from Dean Xiao was still there. After considering that the Spirit Wolf might lose its life while it was evolving, Mo Fan hadn’t dared to give it to Spirit Wolf to use.

After Hui Yi had burned into ashes, Mo Fan finally turned around to leave.

Watching a living person being cremated like this was rather disgusting. There’s no way he’d have an appetite for the next two days.

If he were given more time to do it, he’d still do the same thing. Comparing this disgusting scene with the departing of the two, this would be nothing.

Mo Fan continued to follow the Shadow Beast. After the Shadow Beast had rested up for a bit, it began to escape energetically again. It disappeared like a wisp of smoke. Mo Fan took nearly half a day to find it again.

“This place seems like it has a building… that stupid thing. Don’t tell me it ran toward the Beast Taming Iron Cage on its own?” Mo Fan was still able to see beneath the Nyx Regime. Who would’ve imagined that the Shadow Beast that was running like a little deer actually walked into the trap itself!

Mo Fan was very clear that the true mastermind had yet to appear. He couldn’t let this hunt end like this, or else who knew how many people would lose their life the next time the Black Vatican made their move.

After walking to the front of the building, Mo Fan was about to drive the Shadow Beast away before he suddenly felt some movement behind him.

Mo Fan turned around and saw five familiar faces. The two leaders were in the middle of displaying ridiculing smiles, like hunters that had finally hooked onto their prey.

“Mo Fan, I want to see where you’re gonna run this time!” Luo Song’s smile was so wide that his fat began to ripple.

Shen Mingxiao’s appearance was charming and reserved. However, he was also smiling devilishly. Between his hands magical energy was continuously fluctuating.

“You really do have the ability. Not only did you steal our Shadow Beast, you even started such a big event. Do you really think there is not a single person in this world that can fix you?!” Shen Mingxiao shouted in agitation.

Mo Fan looked at these five people with creased eyebrows. He didn’t want to start a pointless fight with them, unless there was a henchman of the Black Vatican among them.

He assumed that these five people were regular students and disciples of rich families. People from the Black Vatican most likely wouldn’t have the inclination to catch the Shadow Beast.

“You better not provoke me.” Mo Fan was not in the mood, and he spoke in a bad tone.

“Oh, your attitude sure is big. I sure want to see what kind of ability you have…” Shen Mingxiao himself was relatively strong. He did not place a country boy like Mo Fan in his eyes.

Just as they were about to make a move on Mo Fan, a couple of people appeared out of the black fog.

Shen Mingxiao and Luo Song looked behind them and saw it was a squad that was most likely watching the vicinity.

They had most likely found the entrance to the Beast Taming Iron Cage and camped out, waiting for the students who found the Shadow Beast to arrive with it.

“Isn’t this Fu Tianming, hahaha! You came just in time, we’re about to teach Mo Fan a lesson!” When Luo Song saw it was Fu Tianming, his face began to show an even bigger smile.

Fu Tianming. If it was in an earlier time, probably not a lot of people would know of this person. However, ever since the rumor of the Great Demon nearly killing someone started, everyone learned about this Fu Tianming. This was because Fu Tianming was the senior that Mo Fan nearly killed!

It is said that he was called on to teach Mo Fan a little lesson when Mo Fan crossed Jia Wenqing. Who would’ve known that he nearly got snapped in two by Mo Fan!

As expected, Jia Wenqing, the little thing that looked especially refined and pale, was also present. He recognized Mo Fan at a glance, and on his fashionable face emerged a ridiculing smile.

This Mo Fan! He had done too many evil things. Today, he would be stopped in this place! No matter what, he would have his face shaved off!

“Shen Mingxiao, Luo Song, why don’t we make a deal?” Fu Tianming maintained the same aloof manner as he slowly spoke out.

“What deal?” Shen Mingxiao asked.

“We are not that interested in the Three Step Pagoda. The thing we are interested in is precisely this Shadow Beast. Let’s join together to deal with Mo Fan. All you need to do is to give us the Shadow Beast and allow us to extract the bottle within its stomach before you hand it over to the school,” Fu Tianming said.

Shen Mingxiao and Luo Song were confused. They didn’t know what kind of thing this Fu Tianming had in mind.

However, no matter how you looked at it, they were the ones who would benefit from it. Not only could they punish Mo Fan, they could also win the examination this time! On the Main Campus in the future, they could most likely attract a few experts with this kind of merit!

Luo Song glanced at Fu Tianming and his people, and his heart couldn’t help but whisper, These people are rather strange. They don’t want the Shadow Beast, yet they want the thing that is in the stomach of the Shadow Beast. I remember Mo Fan did mention something about a spring from his hometown that was eaten by the Shadow Beast…

“Luo Song, we can later talk about the matter we have between us. However, it’s better if you leave right now. These people are henchmen of the Black Vatican!” Mo Fan coldly stared at Fu Tianming, Jia Wenqing, and their people.

“Black Vatican?” Luo Song was stunned, and glanced sharply at Fu Tianming and Jia Wenqing.

“Ridiculous! That’s ridiculous. So you, Mo Fan, actually know what fear is. Did you not think that day when you nearly killed me that there would be a day where all the people you’ve enraged would attack you? So you’d actually think up this kind of hilarious way to make us not join hands?” Fu Tianming immediately sneered, his tone carrying ridicule.

Luo Song and Shen Mingxiao already had a grudge against Mo Fan. Furthermore, all the rumors of family struggles and gossip on campus was something they knew very well about. None of it had anything to do with the Black Vatican, so they couldn’t link this matter to the Black Vatican. Naturally, they were determined to show that Mo Fan was just babbling nonsense in desperation.

Mo Fan also knew that Shen Mingxiao and Luo Song wouldn’t believe him, so he was prepared to face them head on.

His opponents had a few too many people. There were a total of ten people, and it could be assumed that each of them were experts capable of casting Intermediate Magic.

Let’s not talk about the fact that a bombardment by various powerful Intermediate Magic spells would be extremely hard to deal with. Even if it was Primary Magic flying over, Mo Fan still would not be able to deal with it.

However, he was still gratified. It was because Fu Tianming’s words just now had basically exposed his identity.

The last time, he didn’t kick him to death. It seemed like this time, he must kick his skull open!

If he was not mistaken, then the student who Xu Zhaoting had trailed was precisely Fu Tianming!

Being attacked from all sides was one thing. Mo Fan wasn’t exactly thrown into confusion.

If it was in the past, he would definitely not be a match for these ten Intermediate Magicians. However, within the Great Nyx Regime Formation, his Shadow Element’s power received a substantial increase, and his other Elemental Magic wouldn’t be suppressed either. His opponents powers, on the other hand, would decrease by a lot beneath the Nyx Regime!

He couldn’t meet them head on, but fighting them in a circle would allow him a higher chance of winning!

