Chapter 249: Exchange Student

Chapter 249: Exchange Student

Translator: Tofu Editor: Aelryinth

“There’s someone protecting her?” Mo Fan felt as though cold water had been poured over him.

“It could also be my misconception, they might also be some admirer in the school. Either way, that person has no malicious intent toward her, and I’ve also confirmed that it isn’t anyone from the Black Vatican. I actually discovered it unintentionally,” Lingling reported.

“Just what is going on, you need to be more clear.” Mo Fan was very anxious when it came to Xinxia.

“I’m unable to give you concrete information.”

Mo Fan asked her several times, and Lingling just said she herself did not know much either. She only had a feeling.

Mo Fan also went to ask Xinxia. Xinxia said she hadn’t felt anyone in her surroundings. Mo Fan only felt more insecure after hearing this.

Protecting Xinxia was something he should be doing. -Just which scoundrel is meddling in other people’s business. You better run to some cool and chill place, or else I, your daddy, Mo Fan will catch you!-

-If you sugarcoat it, you could call it protecting. If you don’t, then this is just stalking!-

“It could be her mother. Her mother suddenly left, and she probably felt guilty and didn’t dare to meet her. That’s why she decided to watch over her in secret. Mo Fan, you don’t need to worry blindly…” After Mo Jiaxing heard this, the first thing he thought of was Xinxia’s mother.

When Mo Fan asked about Xinxia’s mothers circumstances, Mo Jiaxing only sighed deeply and began to talk about the reason.

In short, Mo Jiaxing told Mo Fan that he had planned on starting a family together with Xixnia’s mother. However, not long after they had gotten together, Xinxia’s mother suddenly left, leaving only Xinxia behind.

Mo Jiaxing was a very generous and kind person. Even if he was cheated on by someone else, he didn’t want Xinxia to be impoverished. Thus, he took on the position of Xinxia’s irresponsible mother and raised her.

After Mo Fan knew the truth, he also had nothing to say.

His father had indeed gone through a lot. He finally found someone after great difficulty, but that person ended up being completely heartless. Her only objective seemed to be leaving her own daughter behind.

After hearing Lingling’s description, it could be assumed that the person protecting Xinxia would most likely be her own mother. She might’ve been worried, but was too afraid to show herself.

Mo Fan didn’t tell Xinxia about this so she wouldn’t be hurt.

Mo Fan stayed in Hangzhou for a period of time. Perhaps it was because he saw how lonely Xu Zhaoting and Zhang Lulu were, it made him treasure Xinxia, who he had saved from the calamity, even more.

Lingling seemed to be very interested in what had happened in Xihu, and began to investigate it, as well.

Unfortunately, even with her skills, she was unable to find out anything about this matter. Thus, she was dejected and did not want to continue bothering Mo Fan and Xinxia, so she returned to Shanghai first.

“Mo Fan, hurry up and come back. Dean Xiao has already sold us, he wants us to go to Imperial College as exchange students,” Zhao Manyan said to Mo Fan through the phone.

“What, exchange students?” Mo Fan said with a great confusion.

“Sigh. If you put it nicely, we’re exchange students. If you put it in a bad way, it was a little b*** fight between the schools. They do this every year,” Zhao Manyan put it more clearly.

“Then why is it us and the Imperial College?” Mo Fan said, feeling confused.

“It’s just bullshit. If you look across this country, there are very few places that can contend against the Imperial College. In the draw this year, we just happened to draw against them. Each side will choose a batch of rather outstanding students to go to the other university for three months. This time, we’ll be going to Imperial College. The Imperial College is filled with freaks and evil-doers are everywhere. Even the staff behind the school is like Alexander the Great. In order not to lose face for our school, Dean Xiao is basically forcing you to go!” Zhao Manyan told him.

Mo Fan was speechless as he hastily returned to school.

After finding Dean Xiao and Zhou Zhenghua, Mo Fan immediately said in dissatisfaction, “Hey, how could you not ask for my opinion before you put my name down! I never said I wanted to be some exchange student, and I also don’t plan on going to Imperial College to have people look down on me!”

“Mo Fan, don’t be so modest. With your strength, you won’t lose to the people in Imperial College. There are so few incredibly outstanding people entering the Main Campus, if you don’t go, then who will?” Zhou Zhenghua said deadly earnestly.

“Dean Xiao, you know I’ve always been a low key kind of person. This school battle…Oh, things like this where you fight for the honor of your school is something other people are far more suited for than me!” Mo Fan made it clear that he did not want to go.

His lifestyle in Shanghai was great. During the daytime, he earned money from commissions. Subdue monsters and get rid of them while pampering the Elements with their endless appetite to increase their quality. His lifestyle was beautiful, so why would he want to go to Imperial College? Relying on someone else while being looked down at? Any of the students in Imperial College could be considered heavenly geniuses. If Mo Fan was to live with those kind of f**ers, then he couldn’t guarantee he wouldn’t kill one or two!

“Mo Fan, please don’t decline this. Being sent to Imperial College as an exchange student is incredibly pressuring, I understand that. Thus, for the students who go this time, I will reward them with an additional treasure. I have a Focus Magic Tool, this guarantees that a Magician would be able to endure spirit attacks while being able to cast their spells…” Dean Xiao could be considered a very experienced person. He was able to tell what kind of person Mo Fan was with one glance, so he didn’t bullshit anymore and just gave him the benefits!

“It can endure spirit attacks?” Mo Fan blinked. He quickly recalled that freak Chao He that he had fought against with Ms Tangyue.

His Curse Spells came with spiritual attacks, rendering others unable to cast their own spells.

Right now, Mo Fan was not scared of visible attacks. However, he was scared of those strange, spiritual-type traps. Being unable to use spells was a huge problem. If he had this kind of Focus Magic Tool, then he would have one more layer of protection!

“We have a deal!” Mo Fan firmly received the Focus Magic Tool.

The Focus Magic Tool was a necklace. Although Mo Fan was already wearing a pendant inside his clothes, this Focus Magic Tool’s shape was a bit better looking than the Little Loach Pendant. Wearing it on the outside wasn’t too bad.

Actually, Mo Fan already thought about that guy Yu Ang knowing he had hidden the Underground Holy Spring within his necklace. He had most likely revealed this to others, so, with him wearing this Focus necklace, he’d be able to fool them!

“Since you’ve taken your gifts, you cannot lose the face for our Pearl Institute when you go the Imperial College!” Zhou Zhenghua said with an ugly face.

Other students would try to steal spots to be an exchange student. He had never seen someone like Mo Fan who would haggle with the teachers about this! A Focus Magic Tool was not a cheap object! How could they just give it away so easily?!

“Don’t worry, I will definitely beat the people of Imperial College up!” After Mo Fan received the benefits, he was going to be exerting himself to his fullest.

Dean Xiao glared at Mo Fan and said, “Don’t stir up trouble.”

“Hey hey, I won’t… I won’t..” Mo Fan smiled awkwardly.

Dean Xiao coughed as he began speaking with a different tone, “While at same time, don’t be too courteous. As long as it is justified, we will definitely help you.”

Mo Fan looked at Dean Xiao, who was being so serious, and couldn’t help but laugh.

Dean Xiao’s words could be translated as “If you’re bullied by someone, don’t worry. Let go of your fears and fight them to the end, the school will provide support for you!”

