Chapter 203: The 28 Million RMB Man

Chapter 203: The 28 Million Dollar Man

Translator: Tofu Editor: Tofu

In just an instant, he earned a profit of 28 million RMB. Mo Fan felt an unprecedented happiness.

He has never seen this much money in his entire life!

“The person buying it was actually the Bai Family, hahaha,” Zhao Manyan looked at the person who last made a bid and couldn’t help but laugh.

The person from the Bai Family seemed to have already gotten the thing they’ve wanted. They weren’t interested in the last item that was being auctioned, so they rose together and left the Auction Hall.

When Bai Zangfeng and his fellow clansmen had walked outside the auction chamber, he had swept a glance at Mo Fan and said, “A lot of the things here are things that you will never get in your entire lifetime. Do you think you’re impressive with that little power? Just wait until I have a Nebula Magic Tool, my cultivation will easily surpass yours!”

“Yes yes yes, when the time comes, please be lenient,” Mo Fan said while purposely acting as though he was afraid.

Bai Zangfeng strutted away with an unbelievably arrogant way, while the Zhao Manyan next to Mo Fan began to laugh like crazy.

Only Zhao Manyan knew that the Bai Family had directly put 29 million RMB into Mo Fan’s pocket. Mo Fan even dared to sell a Soul Essence, this only meant that he most likely had even better things. Otherwise, who would actually want to sell something that could increase their own cultivation?

This Bai Zangfeng guy, he thinks his own family is so solid. Just wait until we enter the Main Campus and watch just who will surpass who.

In Mo Fan’s hand was indeed an even better cultivation tool. The Little Loach Pendant had actually drank the Underground Holy Spring, not even a Warrior level Soul Essence was capable of improving it!

After Bai Zangfeng left, Mo Fan continued to wait for a while to see if there was a Magic Equipment that was suitable for him.

As he hoped, not too long afterwards, a Magic Shield appeared.

A good set of Magic Armor had an incomparable high price. Thus, Mo Fan would rather have a good Magic Shield, so when he was in a crucial situation, he would be able to block a mortal wound.

A Departing Nether Shield appeared in the Auction Hall. Not only was it able to block an all-out attack from a Warrior-level creature, the surface of the shield was able to turn into spikes and deal deadly piercing damage.

Mo Fan bought this Departing Nether Shield. The people who bidded for it weren’t many, but it was purchased by Mo Fan for 17 million in the end.

The Departing Nether Shield’s price was even higher than the Blood Beast Boots. After all, its defensive capabilities and its ability to counterattack were much stronger than that of the Blood Beast Boots.

Naturally, Mo Fan also asked about it. His own Blood Beast Boots could be sold for around 12 million. The things that Pearl Institute gave out were definitely not some cheap goods.

“Do you want to buy any Deathstrike Magic Equipment?” Zhao Manyan asked him.

Deathstrike Magic Equipment was something that all Magicians loved, everyone from Primary to Intermediate. In situation where attack methods are limited, Deathstrike Magic Equipment would be the most important factor for many Magicians.

“Are there any good Deathstrike Equipments for 10 million?” Mo Fan asked.

“Let’s use a Warrior level creature as an example. If you truly want to cause a mortal damage to a Warrior level creature, then the Deathstrike Equipment will always be at least 20 million or more, and those that comes with additional effects are naturally even more expensive.”

“Then I can’t afford it. I’ll leave some money to raise my little beast,” Mo Fan said.

“Tsk, that makes sense. If you have money, you do need to raise some canaries, I’ll introduce you to some good halfie girls…”

“What I meant was my Summoned Beast.” Mo Fan really admired how perverted Zhao Manyan was.

“Oh, oh, I was thinking about something else.”

“However, you can still introduce the halfie girls you mentioned.”

“Eh…” Zhao Manyan couldn’t keep up with the way Mo Fan was thinking.

——–

Selling Soul Essence, buying Magic Equipment, he had about 12 million RMB remaining. Adding onto the 3.1 million that he originally had, Mo Fan happily realized that he still had 15.1 million remaining after purchasing the Magic Shield.

With this money, he needed to move out from that godforsaken area!

Mo Fan had to endure that area for far too damn long. The damn safety area that required you to take a bus and transfer to a subway to get to the city area was even more remote than Bo City. How could it possibly be suitable for a man like him, who is now worth over ten million RMB!?

In the next semester, Zhao Manyan also said that he wanted to move out. In this kind of situation, Mo Fan also didn’t want to be bored and stay in the dorm. He could change to an even more independent area for cultivating, so he wouldn’t risk exposing himself. The secrets he had were not small. If someone was to see them, it could get pretty bad…

——–

After returning to the school, the end of the semester quickly approached.

This semester did not have any examinations. Only in the next semester would there be an official examination for entering the Main Campus.

This semester could be called the growing phase. If the students were cultivating somewhere else, that was fine. If they wanted to take classes, that was also fine. It would be fine even if they didn’t touch the gates of the school for the entire semester. The only examination would be the examination for entering the Main Campus.

To most Magicians, the Azure Campus and Main Campus were very different. The real Pearl Institute was the Main Campus; the resources there were abundant, while the competition was equally frightening. If you were able to distinguish yourself there, then you would be known throughout Shanghai, or even an influential figure for the whole country!

Entering the Main Campus was definitely the most important thing for all students. Mo Fan could clearly see that the reason why Zhao Manyan wanted to move out was not because he wanted to bring girls home to have sex with, but to put more effort into cultivating. After the matter of the arena, he had received a lot of resources from his family. He had no reason to continue loitering about.

As for Mo Fan, not only was he confidently planning on entering the Main Campus, the most important thing was the Hunter Competition that was happening in less than two years!

The Lightning and Fire Nebulae couldn’t stay at just the first level, he had to quickly level them to the second!

Mo Fan couldn’t forget about the domineering Fiery Fist, Nine Palace spell that Ms. Tangyue had used.

That was the third level of Fiery Fist, and adding on the Spirit grade Fire Seed, its might would definitely destroy any opponent.

The Lightning Element was the same, it had to increase as well. If it stayed at that level, that was definitely not a good thing.

Even the Shadow Element was the same, he had to learn how to draw its Star Atlas. The Star Atlas Books were limited!

His Summoning Element hadn’t reached the Intermediate level either, he had to put efforts into cultivating that as well!

There were so many things to level up on, Mo Fan felt that there was no time left for him to use.

Another thing was… Mo Fan had actually already caught a whiff of the gunpowder attitude that pervaded the entire school.

It was said that the Main Campus examination was a straight Magic War. Since Mo Fan had essentially offended all of the people in school, when that day came, if he didn’t have the ability to pressure others, he would be stepped on like a dog by those people in just minutes. The people who hated him were definitely not limited to just Bai Zangfeng. Someone said that they had even created an Anti-Mo Fan Society!

That society was specifically created to attack the public enemy of the schools, Mo Fan! The strength that Mo Fan had displayed back then was indeed did indeed appear monstrous to a lot of the Primary level students. This society’s strength had already grown greatly; they were only waiting to crusade against the monster and uphold justice!

Mo Fan had never once regretted stealing other people’s resources.

If he hadn’t stolen them away back then, how would he be able to fight against the Mother Beast? If he didn’t kill the Mother Beast, then where would he have earned enough to gain the Spirit grade Lightning Seed and the Departing Nether Shield?

This was called “the strong becomes even stronger” effect!

Those dregs. They really thought they would be able to contend against him if they bitterly cultivated for a year. When the time came, they would learn that daddy Mo would still be their daddy!

