Chapter 217: Those Beneath Intermediate Level do not have the Qualifications!

Chapter 217: Those Beneath Intermediate Level do not have the Qualifications!

Translator: Tofu Editor: Tofu

The road of cultivation had always been slow and dry.

A lot of people loathe studying, they think studying is a very boring and dry thing.

The truth is, even if you were to do something that you really, really like doing, if you were to do it without resting for a whole 365 days, then it would also become boring and disgusting.

It would become not just hating studying, but being unable to go back to the mindset of finding it fun.

In this world, the experience Mo Fan was the most familiar with was the fact that the process of Magic Cultivation was equally dry and boring. When that refreshing feeling slowly disappeared after months and years, all that supported him to not waste even a little bit of his time every single day was the motivation to become even stronger.

Since the days were countable, then one just had to persevere.

Just like practicing Control. The Control of every Star was basically like focusing on placing down domino tiles.

Your heart cannot waver in this process, or no matter how much work you put into controlling the Stars, they would all drop down because of the small mistake you made.

From linking a Star Path to drawing up a Star Atlas, each of the controlled Stars were like domino tiles, the energy could be be a hundred or even a thousand times greater. In order to complete the Star Atlas even better, and faster, it required daily practice.

In any situation where there were external disturbances, the Stars would almost always fail when interlinking. When controlling the Stars, the heart would always waver. So when it came to battles that concerned life and death, then one would be even less perfect in execution.

——-

“I am very gratified. This is because, from the day of the Rookie Competition until now, I’ve seen the growth of many people.

“I remember not too long ago, there were many who regarded the Main Campus Examination as a devil lingering around our Azure Campus. It overlooked you, encouraged you, and it caused you to bitterly cultivate for it…

“This was not wrong. Whether it was hearing it from others, or experiencing it, or you received this information regarding the Main Campus from somewhere else, I believe none of them are be rumors. I think the reality will be even more cruel!

“The Azure Campus is the final destination for your youthful cultivation. It is the little pond of warmth before you face the torrents and waterfalls. The real Magic development happens in the next station. No matter how wronged, unfair, and how much you’ve suffered, you need to suppress it on your own. No one will sympathize with the weak!”

At the general meeting of the school, Dean Xiao who had always been benevolent and kind toward all the students, suddenly changed.

These words caused a lot of people to feel uncomfortable. Their most beloved Dean Xiao had turned into what seemed to be a Magic Demon Coach that didn’t care about anything but Magic.

Could it be that the competition within the Main Campus was actually that cruel?

Could it be that those with a background and power can stir trouble as they want. While those without a background and have an average strength can only hide in the corner?

“Any students that have yet to reach the Intermediate level do not have the qualifications to undertake the Main Campus Examination. Those who remain in the Azure Campus are only allowed to stay for three years. In these three years, you have the privilege to enjoy the resources and various benefits of being a student of the Pearl Institute. However, if you cannot break into the Intermediate level within three years, then please do not consider yourselves students of the Pearl Institute after you leave!”

Dean Xiao’s words were like thunder as they reverberated within the minds of the students.

If they don’t break through within three years, they were no longer students of Pearl Institute?

Wasn’t that rather inhumane?

“Those who aren’t Intermediate Magicians, you may leave. This is not your battleground!” Dean Xiao seemed as though he had changed to someone else, causing a lot of the students to feel a bit unwilling.

The Dean Xiao today was no longer the same teacher that drew up a beautiful future for everyone.

He was just like a demon that compared everyone, he was ruthless as he drove out the weak.

“Did you not understand? Weaklings are not suitable to become the real students of our Pearl Institute. What you need to do is to be able to raise your head high with your chest out when you hear these words next year, and stay! Now, you can go put in effort for the next year!”

Although there were a few complaints within the crowd of people, there was not a single person who would dare to refute him.

Gradually, the students who had been in Azure Campus for a while began to walk away. Their faces carried unwillingness and humiliation as they left.

As for the new students, they were just standing there blankly.

Perhaps it was their first time experiencing this kind of treatment for strength. In the past, no matter what level the students were, the school would definitely receive criticism for their discrimination.

After seeing the senior students leaving, there were some people who also began to take steps and walk away.

“Li Junhao, let’s go,” a man said to his friend.

“Why? I’m this close to breaking through, why won’t they let us participate in the Main Campus Examination?!” the student called Li Junhao said.

“Let’s go, we’ll definitely stay in next year.”

“Damn it, damn it, DAMN IT!”

“These people, really. What are they feeling bad about? If you don’t have the qualifications, then you just don’t. Staying in the Azure Campus is pretty good as well. Guoguo, let’s go, I know you are also feeling bad, don’t worry, I’ll treat you to some food,” an indifferent, sloppy looking guy said to his female friend.

“You can go.” The girl, Guoguo stood her ground.

“What, what’s the point of just staying here, there are only Intermediate…” the sloppy man suddenly realized something as he looked at the girl in shock. He gasped, “You… you broke through to Intermediate?”

“Yeah, I’ve been meaning to tell you. However, all you do every single day is mix with that gang of scoundrels. I believe I will finally have some results today,” the girl, Guoguo, appeared to be very indifferent.

She would stay there, and he would leave.

The conversation between the guy and the girl was accidentally heard by Mo Fan nearby.

After seeing the sloppy student leaving with a depressed spirit, Mo Fan couldn’t help but sigh.

It’s not that the girl was heartless. When two people are pursuing two different things, then there was no point to walk together. Mo Fan actually admired the decision made by the girl called Guoguo.

Really, girls always seemed to like those with money, good looks, and those who would make girls happy. How do you expect those guys who are average-looking, but powerful to live like that?

There were many people who had been putting effort into their cultivation because of the saying ‘If you’re ugly, then you should learn Magic’. Only those people putting more effort into their cultivations were more suitable for these kind of girls

People began to leave.

The students nowadays had hearts of glass. All they did was suffer from a little unfairness, but acted like they had suffered from a enormous injustice.

If Mo Fan himself was still in Primary level, he would definitely be the first one to leave.

Weak, telling you to leave is also good. If you were to meet a Magical Beast, then the Magical Beast would tear you apart, just because you’re weak!

There were around fifty thousand students at the school meeting. It was different from the Main Campus Examination in the past, where everyone could participate, but the frequency of disqualification was equally high.

This time, Dean Xiao directly cut off all of those who had yet to reach Intermediate level. This kind of t courage was not something an ordinary teacher could do, either.

