Chapter 202: I'm Rich!

Chapter 202: I’m Rich!

Translator: Tofu Editor: Tofu

There was a lot of things appearing that Mo Fan had never heard of in his life in this auction. Zhao Manyan explained about some of the things to Mo Fan.

Many of these items were things Mo Fan was very interested in. For example, some of the Magic Tools with supplementary effects.

Magic Equipment and Magic Tools had definite differences.

Magic Equipment was only able to link itself to the soul. Once activated, it could transform into a special piece of battle equipment. While the Magic Tools were mostly just supplementary, things that granted nourishing effects were things that could not be activated.

For example, one of the items sold in the auction was called the Poison Fire Ring.

This kind of ring was a Magic Tool. It added on a certain poisonous effect to all of the caster’s Fire Magic. Unfortunately, this kind of ring cost far more than a Spirit grade Fire Seed, and Mo Fan was unable to purchase it.

“The next item is something even more people will be interested in. It is a Blue Velvet Sparrow’s egg. After going through appraisal, it is confirmed that this egg has a 100% chance of hatching. Summoner Magicians, you may bid your price…Oh, I almost forgot. This Blue Velvet Sparrow possesses the Penglai Skylark bloodline. As long as you raise it to adulthood, its strength will be no weaker than that of a full grown Warrior-level Magical beast!

“The Blue Velvet Sparrow is enough to take one flying, and an incomparable mount for flight. Its lowest price is 70 million RMB, so everyone can start bidding now!” The auctioneer’s face looked focused as he said this.

As soon as the Blue Velvet Sparrow’s egg came out, a disturbance went through the auction hall.

Although the price started at 70 million, the bidding people were everywhere!

Mo Fan was almost scared by these rich people. In his previous world, 100 million RMB was a unit that people wouldn’t even dare to think about. However, the Blue Velvet Sparrow’s egg was selling for 70 million+! And that was the lowest price!

“You’re also a Summoner, don’t you have any plans to get yourself a young one to nurture?” Zhao Manyan asked Mo Fan sitting next to him.

“Do you think I look like a person who would be able to afford that?” Mo Fan smiled bitterly.

There were only two types of Magicians that could manage beasts. One of them was Telepathic Magicians, and the other was Summoning Magicians.

The Intermediate Magic for the Summoning Element was Contract Summoning!

Contract Summoning and Dimensional Summoning had two very large differences. Dimensional Summoning summons a wandering Beast and puts a soul imprint in them so they can fight for you. This kind of creature had a limited time it could stay around. Furthermore, you never knew when they would die within the Summon Plane, or might not not want to participate in a battle.

Contract Summoning was the true core spell of the Summoning Magicians.

The Summoner would be able to go out into the wild to find a Magical Beast to form a contract with. Once the contract was done, the Magical Beast would be the Contracted Beast of the Magician, and one hundred percent loyal, attending to its master at all times.

Frankly speaking, Dimensional Summoning was a temporary job. While the Magical Beast was out, it would continuously use mana. The longer it battled in the real world, the more mana it would use.

A Contract Summoning was the one true being. He would be signing a contract with an existence that already existed in this world. Once the contract was successful, the Magical Beast could be considered tamed, and become a lifelong companion.

“Wasting your resources on your Dimensional Creature is really useless. The Dimensional Creature is not a long-term companion. However, the Contracted Beast is something you can spend as much resources as you want on, and it will also reciprocate that to you. I suggest that if you obtain some kind of resource for refining a beast, you’d better leave it for your own contract beast,” Zhao Manyan advised him.

“70 million is not something I can afford.”

“Bro, why would you want to buy a Blue Velvet Sparrow? Magical Beasts that can fly have always been extremely expensive,” Zhao Manyan said.

“Alright.”

The Summoning Stardust advancing to Nebula level would require just a bit more time. Although having one more Summoned Beast would be able to increase his combat prowess by several times, seeing the price of the Blue Velvet Sparrow made Mo Fan to feel like getting hold of a young beast would take him who knew how many years.

These things were expensive!

As of right now, Mo Fan was at the Intermediate level, and all these things were only useful for Intermediate Magicians. However, once he reached Advanced level Magician, just what kind of price would these things go up to? Casually become a few hundred million?

No wonder why they said if you didn’t have money, don’t become a Magician! It was so true!

“The next item being sold is one that cut the lines. Don’t be anxious everyone, this line cutting item will definitely be something you will need.”

The Auctioneer waved his hand to indicate for the girl to bring the new treasure up to the stage to auction.

“Look at this Container. I believe everyone should already know what we’re auctioning off this time?” the Auctioneer gave a slight smile.

“Soul Essence!”

“What level of Soul Essence? If it is the Servant level, then it’d be too unsuitable for this place!”

The auctioneer purposely sold a small climax. He waited until everyone began talking before continuing, “This is a Warrior-level Soul Essence! This came from a Parasitic-type Magical Beast. Everyone most likely knows that the more special the Soul Essence is, the higher the probability for them to become a Nebula Magical Tool. Just like a Stardust Magic Tool, the Nebula Magic Tool is an item that is long in demand, but short in supply. The most important material, the Soul Essence, is most likely something that everyone will love. We will begin the auction of the Parasitic type Warrior level Soul Essence, the starting price will be 12 million!”

From from starting price, one could see that there was no need to worry about this item not being auctioned off.

Even something like Blue Velvet Sparrow Egg could be sold for a lot of money. Furthermore, since it is for the Summoner, the bid battles weren’t too fierce, as the people needing it were quite limited.

However, Soul Essence could be directly linked with a Stardust Magic Tool or a Nebula Magic tool. Just which Magician would not require Stardust Magic tools or Nebula Magic Tools?

A Warrior-level Soul Essence was not as expensive as a Blue Velvet Sparrow Egg. However, the bidding contest was still just as fierce. The second they heard that this was an extremely rare Parasitic-type Soul Essence, the bid price began to increase.

“Soul Essence is one of the best sellers. In the future if you acquire more Soul Essences, you can contact the Appraisal Master from today on. They’re from our Zhao Family. He definitely won’t swindle you,” Zhao Manyan told Mo Fan.

Mo Fan was shocked. This Warrior-level Sou Essence was worth at LEAST ten million! However, Mo Fan quickly realized the people in the audience had given different kinds of bids.

This thing was indeed very lacking, no wonder why it could directly cut into the line.

Fortunately, the Little Loach Pendant was able to collect Soul Remnants and Soul Essences. What if I just earn money by selling Soul Essences in the future??

Speaking of which, Mo Fan’s Little Loach Pendant seemed to have some special abilities that he himself was not sure about. Otherwise, how could others kill numerous Magical Beasts yet been unable to collect a single Soul Essence, while he had already acquired two of them?

When he had the opportunity, he needed to do research on this Little Loach Pendant…

At the end, the Soul Essence of Mother Beast was sold for 29 million RMB!

The real value of a special Soul Essence was roughly around 20 million. After its price had risen by nearly 10 million, he could clearly see that the supply did not reach the demand for it.

He’s rich, he became rich in an instant!

