Chapter 275: Waking the Beast's Nes

There were only four of the hunchback monsters. Since Zheng Bingxiao's Rock Golem was clearing the path ahead, it did not detect anything out of place along the way. Therefore, Mu Nujiao, Mo Fan, and Liao Mingxuan, who were following behind, had assumed their path was clear. The tunnel was not wide at all, thus they should be able to notice any beasts easily.

To their surprise, the wall of the tunnel had already crumbled. There was a giant gap hidden by the black vines, preventing them from noticing it at the start.

Luckily, while Zhao Manting was lighting up the area with his Brilliant Light, it had also blinded the creatures for a second. Otherwise, they would have lunged at Mu Nujiao earlier!

"It's the Cavern Slaves!" As expected of a genius, Qingqing was able to identify the beasts hiding behind the vines after only a quick glance.

However, Mo Fan could not have cared less what they were called. As his flame exposed their location, he immediately followed up with a Lightning Strike from his left hand as a gift.

The tendrils of the Lightning Strike were like pythons winding their bodies, racing rapidly toward two of the Cavern Slaves. The violet sparkle covered their entire bodies and the shock caused them to dance wildly, as if they were at a disco.

"Maa!!"

A bleat similar to a sheep's was heard, but incredibly sharp and lacking any hint of softness!

The Cavern Slaves leapt forward furiously. One of them lashed at Mo Fan's head with the giant bone in its hand.

"These creatures like to smash anything alive into meat paste. Watch out for the bones, they will crush your skull instantly!" Qingqing immediately reminded Mo Fan.

"If you have the time to speak, please lend a hand by casting a spell!" Mo Fan could feel his head aching.

Fortunately, Mu Nujiao was more reliable. She altered her wind path and extend it to Mo Fan to speed his movement up.

Mo Fan dodged aside and saw the bone stick itself deep into the spot he was standing at. The rail that it struck instantly bent into the ground!

Mo Fan could finally take a closer look at the Cavern Slave's appearance. It had a stooped figure with bent hind legs. However, its front limbs were incredibly muscular, and together with its wrinkled skin, Mo Fan preferred to call it ugly instead of ferocious!

Who knew how long these ugly creatures had stayed single, that their arms could be so brawny. They would lash their bone sticks at anything they saw, and the limited space that restricted their ability to dodge did not help at all.

"Vine Lash!"

Mu Nujiao spoke as the Cavern Slave was about to hit Mo Fan.

There were plenty of vines around, so her Plant Element was super handy. She easily summoned a vine whip into her hand and struck the Cavern Slave's legs hard.

She did not end her attack there, as she seized the opportunity to tangle the Cavern Slave's legs up with the vine and hang it upside down in the air.

The Cavern Slave let out a panicking scream while waving its bone stick wildly.

It had only struggled for a brief moment before several Lightning Strike: Wrath Shocks landed on its body.

A burning smell instantly filled the tunnel. Clearly, the Cavern Slave had paid a great price for acting on impulse, being electrified to death in a miserable way while hanging in the air.

The one who attacked with the Lightning Strike was not Mo Fan, but the student called Ming Cong. He had used a level three Lightning Strike straight away. It was more than enough to instantly kill a weak monster which had lost the ability to defend itself.

"Maa~!!!" The Cavern Slaves where the wall had collapsed burst out screaming after witnessing the death of their comrade.

The cries echoed through the tunnel. It was difficult to tell if they were cries of anger or fear. Either way, the creatures stopped their attacks.

"Just a few Servant-class creatures, nothing to be afraid of. Let's continue forward," Lu Zhenghe said in an indifferent manner after glancing at them.

Zheng Bingxiao nodded. However, he quickly noticed pairs of blue eyes appearing in the darkness ahead.

It started with a few pairs, but a few seconds later, countless blue dots began to light up the darkness ahead, so densely packed that it would cause one's hair to stand on its end!

"F**k me, they were summoning their mates!"

Rumbling noises could be heard coming from both directions of the tunnel.

Song Xia and Zhao Manting quickly cast Brilliant Light. As the tunnel ahead lit up, the group took a deep breath when they saw several more caves exposed as the vines disguising them were torn apart by the Cavern Slaves. They had assumed the vines were just covering the walls...

More Cavern Slaves appeared, almost blocking the entire path ahead. Their blue eyes flickered furiously as the bone sticks clanked with one another, rising together with their sharp sheep-like bleating...

"Crap, we're right in the middle of their nests, there are caves like these behind us, too!" Xu Dalong yelled.

The same scene was taking place behind them in the tunnel. The black vines were too thick, so no one realized that the walls were actually non-existent.

"This is the Cavern Slaves' nest. The white pieces of rocks we saw were actually the bones that they crushed!" Zhao Manting realized.

The group felt a chill down their spine.

It's possible that they would end up just like white broken pieces on the ground!

The Cavern Slaves were extremely cunning. They had waited for the group to venture deep into their nest before showing themselves to completely surround their prey!

"Those with the Fire Element, hurry up and burn the vines on our sides. We are being flanked from our front and rear, we don't want to get flanked from the sides too!"

"Everyone stay closer, we need to regroup! You will lose your life once you get separated!"

