Chapter 262: Show Me Your True Strength!

Chapter 262: Show Me Your True Strength!

Translator: Tofu Editor: Aelryinth

Mo Fan knew that even with them teaming up, they would not stand a chance against the Violent Mark Wolf. Therefore, he had sent his Spirit Wolf to assist them, as he assumed that the two together with the beast would not be defeated so easily.

As a matter of fact, in Mo Fan’s opinion, the Violent Mark Wolf’s strength was weaker than that of the Mother Skin Scale Phantom and Cursed Beast he had encountered before. That being said, a Warrior-level creature was naturally stronger than an Intermediate Magician by a significant margin. Without sufficient equipment or some special abilities, it was impossible to win against the creature.

“Dean Xiao, I wouldn’t try so hard if it weren’t for the benefits you’ve given me!” Mo Fan mumbled to himself as he glanced at the Focus necklace around his neck.

Mo Fan could not care less about the reputation of their school, but since he had promised Dean Xiao and the Elemental Director, he had to keep his word!

“Song Xia, you will handle that Wind Magician. If possible, try and stand behind me and protect me with the Sacred Shield,” Mo Fan said to Song Xia besides him.

Song Xia nodded and repositioned herself behind Mo Fan. Just as she set a Star in place in her Nebula, she suddenly felt a chill in her surroundings.

“Crap!” Song Xia cried out shock.

“Back off, quick!” Mo Fan blurted out as he sensed the dropping temperature in the surroundings.

Song Xia moved backward rapidly. As she withdrew herself from the icy area, she realized that the icy elemental energy was not actually targeting her.

Bang! Bang!

The frozen ground suddenly cracked open, and several thick chains of ice sprang out from under it. A loud clank was heard as they collided with each other.

Song Xia stared at the ice chains in astonishment. She tried to summon the Sacred Shield for protection, but it was too late. She could not do anything but watch Mo Fan being entrapped within the blink of an eye, with no chance of escaping!

Clank! Clank! Clank!

The chains continued to wrap around him, forming a few layers around Mo Fan’s figure.

A moment later, Mo Fan was totally locked down by the chain, as if he had turned into a frozen mummy, and the ice elemental force crazily surged toward him!

The other ends of the chains slowly rose from the ground, held tightly by Mu Ningxue, whose silver hair totally stood out in the middle of them. It was obvious that she was the source of the overwhelming ice elemental force.

Her Ice Chain had obviously reached the second level, a completely different level than Luo Song’s. No matter how Song Xia tried to melt them with her Fire, her effort was totally in vain.

Icy flakes slowly fell as her silver hair blew elegantly in the wind. Mu Ningxue’s icy and unapproachable aura was even stronger as she controlled the ice chain, as if no living man were allowed within a few kilometers of her.

“That’s… that’s way too insane!” The students stared with their eyes open wide and their jaws dropping.

Most of them did not notice Mu Ningxue drawing her Stars, which implied that her control of ice magic had reached a level that she could cast it in almost an instant.

The Ice Chains that she had summoned were quite spectacular. Due to her purer lineage, tiny ice flakes were forming around the chains as they froze the air nearby.

That being said, the flakes were not just mere decorations. They were in fact sharp as thorns!

In other words, if Mu Ningxue were planning to deal a killing blow, the thorns would not only be floating in the air. They would combine with the chains and pierce the person they were trapping to death!

On the other side, the team of Mu Nujiao, Shen Mingxiao, and the Spirit Wolf could barely hold off against the Violent Mark Wolf.

Mo Fan was already trapped by the chains, and Song Xia behind him was totally incapable of freeing him. It seemed like the battle had almost come to an end, way faster than everyone expected.

Mr. Gu Han, Mr. Li Jing, and Mrs. Qiu Yuhua exchanged glances with one another. They did predict the loss, but they never thought the difference in strength would be so bizarre.

“That Ice Maga is too terrifying.”

“If we were to face her in the last round, the battle would be one-sided, too,” Peng Liang shuddered.

Zhao Manting remained silent. His eyes were fixed on the chains. He could not believe that someone as strong as Mo Fan would stand no chance against that mad woman.

Mo Fan had actually defeated the Mother Skin Scale Phantom on his own, thus Zhao Manting found it hard to believe that he would be defeated so easily.

“Forget it, that might be the end of the battle,” Mrs. Qiu Yuhua sighed. She was worried that Mo Fan could not stand the cold from being trapped inside the chains.

“Mmm,” Mr. Gu Han nodded too.

It was indeed a tough match-up for them to fight against a female Ice Maga who had learned the Elemental Domain, and a Summoner Maga who was able to control a Warrior-level creature.

“Teacher, please wait for a little longer,” Zhao Manting blurted out.

“Is there any point for that?” Luo Song exclaimed.

“Shut your mouth.”

Mr. Li Jing was not happy with Zhao Manting’s tone. As he was about to speak, he discovered Mr. Gu Han was staring in the direction of the ice chains.

“What’s wrong, Mr. Gu Han?” Li Jing asked.

“Fire…I can sense the Fire Element… a strong Fire Elemental energy… It can’t be wrong!” Mr. Gu Han had been about to signal to the judge when he detected a slight hint of Fire Element energy emanating from the Ice Chains.

The energy was ferocious, trying to break free from the firm ice chains. A line of blood could be seen dripping out slowly from the ice chains.

Mr. Gu Han’s cultivation was relatively stronger then the others, so he could sense it.

However, he still could not understand why such a fierce flame was burning inside the chains.

“It looks like we can celebrate our victory today. How boring, it’s such an easy win,” Lu Zhenghe proclaimed, all smiles.

“Captain, you should withdraw your Ice now. It would be bad if he were to die from the chill,” Ming Chong from the Lightning School spoke up.

Mu Ningxue ignored the comments from her teammates, continuing to hold the chains in her hand. Even though her eyes were emotionless, it was obvious that she had not dropped her guard.

She continued to stare at Mo Fan, literally staring at him.

Finally, she spoke with her usual pleasant voice, “Enough with the acting, show me your true strength, Mo Fan!” Her eyes flickered slightly when she mentioned his name.

She had no idea how long it had been since she had last called his name, nor did she expect to stumble into him during the exchange program.

However, Mu Ningxue clearly knew that Mo Fan was nowhere near as simple as he appeared on the surface.

She knew this because she had witnessed his outstanding talent during the feast held by the Mu Family. He had an Innate Dual Element!

Mu Ningxue was only willing to take part in the duel for that particular reason. She was eager to witness the capabilities of a person whom was considered more talented than herself!

“Acting?”

“Show his true strength?” The crowd was stunned hearing Mu Ningxue’s words.

Was she implying that this student called Mo Fan has yet to use all his strength?

However, even if he possessed a power stronger than his Lightning, how could he possibly break free from the Ice Chains?

