Chapter 263: Mo Fan Versus Mu Ningxue

Chapter 263: Mo Fan Versus Mu Ningxue

Translator: Tofu Editor: Aelryinth

“Ningxue, what are you saying? I don’t really get it, do you know him?” Lu Zhenghe asked with a stern face.

The students watching the battle were puzzled. He was trapped like that, would it make a difference if he were hiding his strength?

“That’s right, the battle has ended… Hey, why am I seeing something red, like blood?” Ming Cong asked suddenly.

Red like blood?!

The area covered with ice was dyed a bright red, which did look like blood from afar!

However, it was way hotter than blood!

Crack! Crack!

Cracks began to appear on the firm Ice Chains, tiny at the beginning, but as more red spread out from inside, they spread rapidly across the surface!

BANG!

There was a loud blast as the Ice Chains finally could not hold the rumbling energy within!

As soon as the Ice Chains shattered, flames that looked like fiery roses burst out, pouring onto the ice on the ground! They sizzled as they battled against the broken Ice Chains.

A figure slowly walked out from the pool of fire.

He was the source of the flames capable of melting the Ice Chains. His entire figure was engulfed in red flames, like the Emperor of Fire walking on lava as he entered the limelight!

The rolling flames continued to drive the Ice Zone away. Although the Ice Zone had covered the entire battleground, in that particular area, the ice was completely melted away by the flame.

The figure inside the fire slowly revealed his appearance. However, no one could believe what they saw!

“Is…is that Mo Fan???” Zhao Manting, Zheng Bingxiao, Mr. Gu Han, and Mrs. Qiu Yuhua stared with blank faces.

Even the people from the Imperial College were pop-eyed.

If they weren’t mistaken, this guy called Mo Fan had already used his Lightning and Summoning spells. Despite that, he was currently controlling the Fire Element, and it appeared that he was quite an expert with it, too!

Song Xia’s Fire had no chance against Mu Ningxue’s Ice Domain and Spirit-grade Ice Seed, so she was unable to fully utilize her Fire’s power. On the other hand, the flame engulfing Mo Fan did not seem to be afraid of Mu Ningxue’s Ice Seed from her bloodline…

The Fire was also Spirit-grade!

“Three…three…three Elements, Mo Fan has three Elements!!” someone from the crowd cried out in disbelief.

A great uproar filled the entire place.

Only Magicians who had achieved the Advanced level could control three different Elements. It was clear that he had yet to achieve the Advanced level, and yet he was able to use three different Elements. Could it be that he had two Elements innately?

Having two Elements since he was born, that was surely some talent that everyone would be jealous of!

As the ferocious flames burned madly, Mo Fan walked out from the area on a carpet of flame. No matter how unbelievable it was, a magician with three Elements was standing right in front of them!

Under the glow from the Spirit-grade Fire, Mo Fan’s fiery eyes were showing a hint of vice. He was staring at the icy, noble Mu Ningxue with a wicked grin.

“I thought you would go easy on your boyfriend. It’s such a surprise that you were actually being serious.” Mo Fan shrugged off the ice flakes on his shoulder, which quickly evaporated in the fire.

Mu Ningxue was already used to his nonsense, so she did not even try to refute him. She proceeded to cast an Ice Veil, preventing Mo Fan’s reckless Rose Flame from dealing her a surprise attack.

Due to her Element, she was not really a fan of Fire, as it would make her uncomfortable.

“Boy…boyfriend?”” Lu Zhenghe totally lost his mind on hearing this.

That turned out to be the greatest shock to him. Only he knew that he was seriously attracted to Mu Ningxue.

Mu Ningxue did not bother explaining the situation. She could already sense the danger posed by Mo Fan’s Spirit-grade Fire. If she did not do something quickly, it would be impossible for her to remain unharmed by his Fire.

“I know you’re just trying to test my strength. That being said, you’ve been working so hard already, how is it acceptable for me to be weak? Since you’re asking me to use my true strength, I’m more than happy to do so!” Mo Fan said with a broad smile. A moment later, the flame completely devoured his entire face, together with his malevolent smirk!

The words felt like an emperor giving out an order to his officials and soldiers. The flames obeyed his command and rapidly compressed into a bracelet on his wrist, pulsing to his heartbeat.

Even Song Xia, who was standing behind Mo Fan, could sense the regality of the Rose Flame, to the extent that her Fire had an urge to submit to its will!

Mo Fan’s Fire was completely withdrawn. Only his sturdy figure remained standing, his right hand covered in burning flame.

“Rose Flame!”

“Fiery Fist!”

“Groundbreak!”

Each chant was louder than the one before, with each wave of flames taller than the previous. Mo Fan completely unleashed the energy he had accumulated in his fist into the ground.

The impact from the fiery energy instantly shattered the ground, and terrifying flames erupted.

The Fire danced wildly, like burning petals!

Fiery pillars rose into the sky, hot enough to melt everything!

The erupting lava caused the Groundbreak to spread even further, resulting in a great visual display.

Apart from Lu Zhenghe, the rest of the students from the Imperial College were completely overwhelmed by the flames.

Ming Cong and Xiao Feng panicked. They did not expect Mo Fan’s Fire to be so unstoppable. Xiao Feng’s second Element was Earth Element, so he swiftly reacted by casting a defensive spell.

However, he could not make it in time. His figure was completely overcome by the flame before his protective spell was formed.

In order to save himself, Xiao Feng was forced to use his Equipment!

Similarly, Ming Cong was unable to defend himself against the attack. The Fiery Fist and Groundbreak were enough to overwhelm him, let alone the Rose Flame, which was powerful enough to burn his Equipment to ashes.

Fortunately, there were teachers around to keep an eye out, who would interfere once the situation got out of control. Ming Cong, who lost consciousness from the impact, was swiftly rescued by the teacher in charge.

The flames had even devoured Mu Ningxue! Lu Yiming was just about to make his move after seeing Mu Ningxue in danger, when she whisked herself out to the boundary of the Groundbreak with her Wind Track.

Despite that, the flames at the boundaries were not to be underestimated. The Ice Veil she had produced before came in handy, serving as protection from the hungry fires!

