Chapter 239: Falling into the Iron Cage!

Chapter 239: Falling into the Iron Cage!

Translator: Tofu Editor: Tofu

Mo Fan didn’t want to think about it further. He turned around and ran toward the closest building.

Luo Song, Mingxiao, Fu Tianming, Jia Wenqing, and the others never thought that Mo Fan would actually be without a backbone. Not only did he just run away, he also yelled out strangely. They began to chase after him!

Mo Fan was running while using Evading Shadow. His speed was much faster than theirs. However, Shen Mingxiao and Jia Wenqing both possessed the Wind Element. Their speed as they pursued with Wind Tunnel was not in any way slower than his own.

Luo Song and Fu Tianming clearly drew help from Magic Equipment. Their speed was only slower by a little. Among the rest of the six people, one of them was also a Wind Magician, and he was closely pursuing along with the larger group.

Mo Fan rushed into the staircase of the building. Just as he was about to climb it, his surroundings suddenly condensed into ice. The cold air went right through his skin.

He turned around and realized four or five thick Ice Shackles moving like nimble pythons were sweeping toward him. On the other end of the Ice Shackles was Luo Song, who was displaying a cold smile.

Luo Song was still an Earth Elemental Magician. Along with his Magic Boots and his Primary Earth Magic, he was the first one to catch up to Mo Fan.

“Let’s see where else you can run to!”

A hole appeared on the granite staircase after the thick Ice Shackles smashed onto it.

“Strange, where is he?” In the dark maze, Luo Song thought he had trapped Mo Fan with the Ice Shackles. Who would’ve known that after he ran upstairs, he couldn’t even see the shadow of Mo Fan.

“He must’ve run inside. Quick, don’t let him hand over the Shadow Beast!” Shen Mingxiao used Wind Tunnel and ran in as he made a intuitive decision.

The group of people did what they did best. All of them charged into the building that looked like a bunch of piled-up stones.

The building was constructed using large boulders. For buildings like these, used to contain Summoned Beasts, the school had asked an Earth Magician to casually construct a building. This building seemed to be a big project, but the truth was, if it was damaged, no one would care. If they wanted to reconstruct it, all they needed to do was to use a little bit of mana.

In the deepest area of the building was a Beast Taming Iron Cage. This Beast Taming Iron Cage was precisely the destination of the examination this time.

The Beast Taming Iron Cage was colossal. It was in no way inferior to the venue that had held the Rookie Competition. In terms of area, it could fit at least a soccer field.

The Iron Cage was twenty meters tall, and it appeared to have been constructed with steel reinforced bars, supplemented with a little bit of Magic. For Magical Beasts under the Commander level, they could only dream of trying to break through this Iron Cage in a short period of time.

The building was also within the Great Formation of the Nyx Regime. However, it was clear that this was at the very edge of it, as there was only a little bit of darkness pervading this place.

The fog flooded the entire open-roofed building, and down around the large rusty iron cage. The Beast Taming Iron Cage give off the feeling that its depths hid some kind of gigantic beast, raising hackles of dread.

Mo Fan was running with all his might. In the darkness, his visibility was also very limited. Thus, when he found a place to hide, he accidentally accidentally entered the Iron Cage.

The Beast Taming Cage’s gates were hanging up in the air. They were completely covered by the dark fog, and Mo Fan didn’t realize that he had accidentally charged into the gigantic iron cage.

Clang!!!!

Suddenly, some kind of metal smashed down onto the ground from above!

Mo Fan turned around and realized that behind him was a twenty-meter tall iron door. It let out a massive sound as it hit the floor, making the ground tremble.

Mo Fan didn’t understand how this iron door would drop down. However, when the black fog in the surrounding area slowly dispersed, Mo Fan finally realized that he was actually already inside the Beast Taming Iron Cage!

He could only roughly see about twenty meters within this fog. The truth was, twenty meters was not enough to see the other end of the Iron Cage!

It was Mo Fan’s first time coming here. How could he know that the Iron Cage was actually this big? What he never expected was that the only exit out of the Iron Cage was currently completely blocked off by that gigantic iron door!.

Iron rods like tree trunks rose up side by side. Unfortunately, the space between them did not allow anyone to pass through!

The top of the Iron Cage was a dome made out of evenly arranged iron wires. It appeared to be circular. This signified that he couldn’t escape from the top, either.

What caused Mo Fan to feel even more restrained was that he saw there were hard wires of other Elements twisting around the other places. Their weave turned into an Iron Net, completely destroying Mo Fan’s thoughts of escaping.

Just who designed this damn Iron Cage? It’s for containing Beasts, so why can’t humans get out of here?

Suddenly, in the gradually dispersed fog, he heard a human voice. “Hahaha, do you know what you look like right now?”

Hoarse and sharp voices were normally described as ugly. However, this guy’s voice was similar to that of a ghost; those who heard it would feel their hair stand up.

“It seems like you’ve been waiting here for a long time.” Mo Fan looked for the mysterious person who had closed the iron door.

“It’s you who walked right into the trap! I’ve already obtained the Shadow Beast, so now I hope the school will join me in appreciating the most exciting performance yet!” the voice came from Mo Fan’s left.

Mo Fan turned, and realized there was a person standing by the staircase outside of the Iron Cage.

He was wearing a mask that nearly covered his eyes with a very long fringe. The black fringe covered the other half of his face…

Thus, you could only see this person’s right eye. That eye was filled with madness.

“Who are you?” Mo Fan stood within the Iron Cage as he gazed at this person.

“You don’t recognize me? YOU DON’T RECOGNIZE ME?!” The man that had revealed one eye suddenly began to laugh. This voice sounded particularly mournful within this Beast Taming Iron Cage.

“Your voice sounds like a gawking crow, sounds a little familiar,” Mo Fan responded.

“Stop acting! Last time, you were lucky that I let you escape Bo City! This time, I will make you regret surviving that time!” the masked man snarled.

“If you put it like that, then I know who you are. To be honest, your face isn’t much of an issue. Just go to Korea and get some plastic surgery, wouldn’t that solve everything? There’s no need to brood over it with me. For someone like you who was delightfully pretending to be someone’s son for ten years, getting some plastic surgery wouldn’t be something that would drag your dignity down.” Mo Fan actually already knew who this person was the second he heard his voice.

“Hehe. Soon enough, you will kneel down and beg me to leave you with a whole piece of skin!” Yu Ang’s voice was cold.

“Yu Ang, I have a question,” Mo Fan asked, smiling coldly. “If you were to fail this mission once more, would your superior ruin the other half of your face, as well?” Mo Fan asked slowly and deliberately.

Mo Fan’s cold smile gradually turned increasingly more sinister!

Yu Ang swore that if this scoundrel mentioned the word ‘face’ one more time, he would cook him alive and make him into a human flesh congee. Then he would force his loved ones to drink it!

Xu Zhaoting was not at all like this Mo Fan, who was looking for death. In the end, he was still turned into a slave, and in so much pain that he had preferred to die.

Yu Ang hated this Mo Fan to the bone. He would torment him even more!

