Chapter 214: Abnormal Cultivation

Chapter 214: Abnormal Cultivation

Translator: Tofu Editor: Tofu

As he continued along, a staircase appeared in front of them.

This staircase was extremely astonishing. It consisted of stair boards that were floating in midair, without any type of support. The tunnel led to this dark area, where the floating steps were linked to a triangular platform.

“I can only lead you here, you just need to follow the staircases up,” the friendly senior said.

“Alright, thank you.”

After the senior guard walked out, Mo Fan cautiously stepped on those floating steps in order to see if they would fall down.

This kind of feeling was like when he played Super Mario in the past. The second he stepped on them, he would have to quickly jump away or else they would immediately fall…

Reality confirmed that the floating steps were extremely sturdy. Mo Fan did not know what kind of powers were used to keep them floating. However, they were just floating in the air, quite sturdy, and they didn’t move even a little when he stepped on them.

Mo Fan was relieved, and followed what the senior guard had told him, heading up the stairs. After he arrived at the triangular platform, which was as large as a basketball court, he finally arrived at the first layer. The energy of the world would be very sturdy in this place. The Magicians in this place would cultivate connecting with their Nebula, and the Nebula’s speed of expansion would be much faster!

Mo Fan followed the stairs to the top. In the beginning, he was walking quite smoothly, as though there was nothing blocking his way…

However, at some point, Mo Fan began to feel dizzy after he took half a step onto the fifth floor.

As he continued walking, his breathing became more ragged.

“What is this, why is my mana continuously disappearing?” Mo Fan quickly realized where the issue lay.

His mana was disappearing!

He didn’t use any magic whatsoever, nor did he enter any practice in Control. So how could his mana keep disappearing?

“Forget it, let’s not worry too much. Let’s first arrive at the destination.”

Mo Fan increased his speed in hopes of reaching the metal platform in the air in a single stretch.

The faster he climbed the stairs, the faster his mana was being used up. His Fire Nebula’s energy seemed as though it had nearly dried up.

After arriving on the platform, an immediate, rich Fire elemental aura pulled through. They were like a group of faeries as they fluttered around him. The flames seemed very friendly as they lingered around, even taking the initiative to enter the spiritual world…

As he felt the energy rush into him, Mo Fan immediately entered meditation. He realized, with some mild surprise, that the cultivation speed here was not any slower than the Underground Holy Spring in the past.

Back then he was only at the Primary level. The energy provided by the Underground Holy Spring was crucial for him to go from Primary level to Intermediate level. Right now, he was already at the Intermediate level, yet he was still able to receive that astonishing cultivation speed…

“The first layer’s cultivation speed is already twenty times faster than normal, what kind of effect would the second layer have?” Mo Fan couldn’t help but wonder.

The richness of the elemental aura within this place was twenty times more than outside. The meditative speed to expand his Nebula was also about twenty times.

Cultivating inside here for a little more than an hour would be equivalent to doing it outside for a whole day!

“What if I were to walk further up?”

The Dean had said that the number of times each person entered the Three Step Pagoda was very limited. Since the higher he went, the richer the Elemental aura, then he had no reason to not go further up.

Let’s challenge the second layer!

Outside of the Three Step Pagoda, the friendly looking senior returned to his original guarding area.

The guard standing next to him with an apathetic expression shot a glance at him and said, “Did you forget to tell the rookie again that the more steps they take, the heavier the gravity of the space becomes, thus, the mana they use will be even faster?”

“What’s the point of saying that, he’ll find out on his own,” the friendly senior said without a care.

“You should tell the rookie to not enter the second layer. The second layer’s gravity is stronger than the first by nearly double. A normal Magician will have lost all of their mana by the time they are halfway there… As soon as their mana runs out, the Magician will feel dizzy and will no longer be able to meditate and practice Control,” the apathetic guard said.

“I didn’t tell him. You also know that there are many arrogant people out there that overestimate their own strength. Even if I warn them to not enter the second layer, they would still attempt it. The Three Step Pagoda’s resources are indeed extremely alluring, the higher the layer, the increasingly rich the Elemental energies are…” the senior said with a smile that carried a bit of a crafty feeling.

“Doing that is wrong.”

“What’s wrong with it? Why does a rookie from Azure Campus get to enter the Three Step Pagoda? We are required to guard this place for two entire years before we are allowed an opportunity to enter the Three Step Pagoda to cultivate!” The senior’s smile disappeared, his face displaying his jealousy.

Mo Fan was a massive gaming fanatic back in the day.

In a normal multiplayer game, killing monsters to increase a level takes a long time. This was because they want to keep the game balanced, and extend its life. For example, killing a monster would get him 100 experience points.

Afterwards, some people seeking benefits developed a private server for the multiplayer game. In this private server, killing a monster would net one ten thousands of experience points. That kind of levelling was like riding a rocket to the top. When he first played in the private server, it felt incredible!

Now that he was on the second layer of the Three Step Pagoda, this was basically killing monsters within a private server!

When he cultivated normally, Mo Fan needed the little Loach Pendant to reach the second level of Nebula. It would increase the cultivation speed by four times, and increase stardust cultivation by five times!

However, in this rich, second layer space within the Three Step Pagoda, he could reach forty times the speed! Mo Fan’s Nebula cultivation speed was increased to at least a hundred times a normal person’s, while his Stardust speed might reach a hundred and sixty times!

This was even more incredible than the Underground Holy Spring!

Cultivating in this place for a whole day was equivalent to cultivating for three whole months!

Originally, the progress of his Summoning Element was relatively slow. Mo Fan wanted to put effort into his Lightning and Fire Nebula, so he didn’t focus on the Summoning Element for a while. However, after he paid a little attention to the Summoning Stardust in this place, the Summoning Stardust began to impatiently break through its shackles…

In just a single day, his Summoning Stardust expanded. It painlessly reached the Nebula level!

His Summoning Element’s Stardust Control could also be increased in this place. However, after considering that Control was something that he needed to get familiar with, he decided to not waste time on this and put the newly formed Summoning Nebula aside as he continued to practice his Lightning and Fire Element…

The breakthrough of his Lightning and Fire Element was the crucial point of cultivation at this time. Cultivating within this private server and then going to the outside world to chop other people, that was something that you didn’t get to experience every day!

