Chapter 242: Battle of Wits against the Vatican, Part I

Chapter 242: Battle of Wits against the Vatican (1)

Translator: Tofu Editor: Tofu

he sparkling city of Shanghai’s lights were not reflected in the black sky like normal days.

The dense black clouds were low. The taller skyscrapers flickered with lights at some of the floors as they proudly reached above the clouds. The tops of the skyscrapers were no longer visible.

The lights were on inside the numerous packed family homes, and along the crisscrossing streets. When the traffic paused in the city, the red tail lights of the cars appeared to be slowly circulating blood veins covering the very heart of Shanghai!

A person with dark green hair was sitting on the edge of the roof of a large building that reached up to the sky. Beneath the hair was a face with very sharp cheekbones and a pale complexion. This person seemed like a monster roaming the city.

His pupils were very deep, so deep you couldn’t see even a trace of emotions in them.

An ancient Tang suit draped over his skinny body. What was astonishing was that there were eagle-like wings on his back!

The feather’s tips were like sharp blades, each of the edges could be clearly seen. The wings was currently in a retracted state, but you could still tell they were very sturdy, and very well made!

For this kind of person standing on the very edge of a skyscraper while looking exceptionally isolated, even if the city was bigger, they’d still be easily found!

“We’ve found the person!”

“Position?”

“It’s in the Jiang North area, we’ve set a coordination light.”

The pale man’s gaze was looking to the south. Sure enough, above the splendid city, a distinct light that was gradually rising!

“Hmph, Blue Cloak, don’t even think about escaping from the palm of my Nighthawk!”

The pale man jumped and the wings behind his back wooshed open. The pitch-black feathers appeared even more elegant beneath the illumination of the dome…

As he frantically whizzed past the buildings, the pale man flapped the wings. He was flying steadily in the sky, not very high up nor very low as he soared just above the black clouds.

As he leaned a bit to the side, he left a wind trail like a hurricane as he passed through the large buildings in Shanghai. All of the colossal towers that went through the clouds were now behind him as he swept past the skies of Huangpu River like a wild goose. The pale man was getting closer and closer to the area with the flickering lights.

…

“Mo Fan, Mo Fan…” an anxious voice was heard from the bluetooth earphone.

“I’m still a little busy, miss.”

“Listen to me first. The Blue Cloak Deacon is planning on escaping. The Nighthawk of the Magic Courts is ready. As long as we are able to delay him for five more mins, then the Blue Deacon won’t be able to escape us… From the information we received from the people monitoring him, he seems to be waiting for something.” Ms. Tangyue’s voice entered Mo Fan’s ears.

“He must be waiting for the Underground Holy Spring to get in his hands… Shit!” On the other hand, Mo Fan rubbed off the blood that came out of his mouth as he couldn’t help but curse.

Lightning Strike’s paralysis effect gave Mo Fan a little time to rest. It’s just his current situation did not look very favorable.

“Oh, Ms Tangyue. I wasn’t cursing at you. I have a Cursed Beast over here, and it’s a bit difficult to deal with. What did you say before?” Mo Fan was also as daring as a skilled person. He still had the time to talk while in the middle of a battle.

“I see. The Blue Deacon is waiting for the Grey Cloak Priest to finish his mission. That’s why he was willing to take the risk to stay. Mo Fan, our capture operation still needs another five minutes. You must delay them, force them to take another five minutes of risk for you!” Tangyue said.

Mo Fan didn’t quite understand. Since they had already found the person, couldn’t they just go straight to them? Why do they need five minutes to prepare…

Is it because they wanted to make the web bigger so they could catch everything, or was it because the objective was in a lively area, and a battle could potentially involve innocent civilians?

No matter what the reason was, Mo Fan knew that he had to buy some time. It appeared that Yu Ang did indeed exchange words with someone a moment ago, that person must be the Blue Cloak Deacon.

“Sir Priest, there’s only a drip of Underground Holy Spring within the Shadow Beast. Furthermore, it seems to have dried up, we’ve been played by this kid!” Outside of the colossal Iron Cage, Fu Tianming and Jia Wenqing ran over with their faces flustered.

Yu Ang’s face contorted with anger, but he suppressed the rage.

From the tone of the Blue Deacon, the current state was very urgent. If there were no chances of accomplishing the mission, then they had to evacuate.

However, Yu Ang was not willing to let Mo Fan escape this time!

Whooooooooosh!!

A sharp claw swept past him. Mo Fan continued to roll all the way to the very edge of the Iron Cage.

It was clear that his wounds weren’t light this time. As luck would have it, the pendant on the guy’s chest seemed to have knocked on to something, as it was unable to conceal a special aura that began to pour around the place.

This aura was like a slowly dispersed colossal halo. Within the range of the halo was a layer of water, it caused people’s minds to resonate and feel extremely comfortable!

“Underground Holy Spring…It’s the genuine Underground Holy Spring!” Yu Ang’s eyes nearly popped out!

The Underground Holy Spring was indeed in the hands of this kid! Furthermore, he seemed to have kept it well!

No wonder Mo Fan’s strength had advanced by leaps and bounds and reached the first or second place of the Pearl Institute in terms of cultivation. It was actually because he was using the heavenly spiritual treasure of Bo City all by himself!

“Kill him, hurry up and kill him and take his pendant!” Yu Ang went crazy.

Yu Ang recalled concealing himself in Bo City. One reason was because he was acting as a spy and the other more important reason was because he was supposed to steal the Underground Holy Spring.

Master Salan had said it before. He wanted to take the Underground Holy Spring because he wanted to start a ceremony. He wasn’t interested in the cultivation effect it gave. If Yu Ang was able to steal the Underground Holy Spring, then the he could have the Underground Holy Spring for himself after the ceremony finished!

Yu Ang had dreams of a meteoric rise many times. In the end, all he obtained was half of his face rotting!

After seeing the genuine Underground Holy Spring, Yu Ang’s eyes had turned thoroughly red.

“Master Deacon, it is the genuine Underground Holy Spring! It’s within the kids pendant! If Master Salan knew of this, he would definitely be extremely happy!”

“Shit, hurry up and steal it then, hurry!” From the other end, the Blue Deacon sensed something was wrong as he began to roar at Yu Ang.

Yu Ang naturally didn’t know just how serious the situation right now was. In his eyes right now, there was only the Underground Holy Spring.

The Blue Deacon also had to wait.

Disciples and Priests naturally did not know the location of Salan, much less have any form of contact with Salan. The only ones who were able to contact Salan were the Blue Deacons, and those who had existed for a long time within the Black Vatican. Within the Black Vatican, this was the form of contact between members.

Presently, Yu Ang and the other few could be considered to be half-exposed. Since they didn’t want to comply with what the Blue Deacon had said, they would quickly get caught by the Magic Court and imprisoned within Shanghai. Even if they obtained the Underground Holy Spring, they could forget about leaving!

The Blue Deacon had to wait for them. All of the Deacons within the Black Vatican were being watched very closely. They could only rely on Grey Cloak Priests and their Disciples to complete missions. As soon as they obtained the goods, the Blue Deacons had the ability to immediately disappear into thin air, so the important goods wouldn’t be seized by the Magic Courts!

