Chapter 241: Bloody Battle in the Iron Cage!

The large Iron Cage surrounded Mo Fan. The Cursed Beast was slowly crawling over, its disgusting saliva dripping onto the ground. The saliva was corrosive, as black smoke appeared after it dripped onto the iron poles and ground.

Mo Fan knew that he had no choice but to have a fight to death with this Cursed Beast within the Iron Cage. He immediately retreated to a relatively safe distance.

The Cursed Beast’s eyes were very bright, and he didn’t want to look at them. A low sound came from its throat, like it was a hungry wolf that hadn’t eaten for a long time.

Finally, the Cursed Beast moved!

He only heard a swoosh of motion sound before the Cursed Beast left behind an aftershadow as it charged toward Mo Fan with extreme speed.

This speed seemed even faster than the Mother Skin Scale Phantom from before! Fortunately, Mo Fan had put some distance between them thus he was able to respond in time.

The entire Beast Taming Iron Cage had a barrier. Furthermore, it was for containing the Shadow Beast. Thus, if he wanted to use the Shadow Elemental spells to escape from the Iron Cage, it would prove to be impossible. Presently, he could only fight with the Cursed Beast.

He couldn’t help but admit that based on the speed of the Cursed Beast, it had to be several times stronger than the Mother Skin Scale Phantom, which had just entered the Warrior level!

Suddenly, a flying claw swept across from afar.

The flying claw was glistening coldly, he could see a clear sickle shaped force emerging from it. The surface of the ground was being completely torn apart by the force of it as it swept toward Mo Fan!

A normal Dark Beast would use their claws to directly attack a Magician, as only then would it be effective. The claws of the Cursed Beast were capable of flying through the air. Mo Fan wanted to take the opportunity of the opponent being far away to use an Intermediate Magic, however, he did not have the time to draw a Star Atlas.

Mo Fan spun to the side to avoid it, and the claw went past him. Just when he thought he had dodged the range of the attack, the side of his arm suddenly felt scorching hot.

As he turned around, Mo Fan realized there was a deep wound on his arm, he could nearly see the bones!

The Cursed Beast opened its mouth and let out a strange cry. In the same moment it shot out the claw, it also charged toward Mo Fan. It was clear that this thing had a bit of intellect, it knew how to use a long- range attack to stop Mo Fan from drawing a Star Atlas, followed by a close-ranged attack…

If an Intermediate Magician didn’t have the opportunity to use Intermediate Magic, then they would only be a normal person in front of a Warrior-level creature. It was very easy for them to rip them into pieces.

This Cursed Beast was not giving Mo Fan any opportunity to use Intermediate Magic. It was coming closer and closer, and Mo Fan didn’t dare to hesitate. He hastily activated his other Magic Equipment Imprint!

Departing Nether Shield!

The imprint within his soul came forth, displaying a deep, blue color as a rigid ray of light emerged.

The light ray interwove systematically as it formed a geometrical diagram in front of Mo Fan. It turned into a dark blue shield with a Roc that spread its wing.

The Shield was sharp and clearcut. There was also a few strange holes at the top of it, and its edges emitted a metallic luster.

Klang!

The Cursed Beast’s ghastly claws could go through iron like mud. When it hit the Departing Nether Shield, it let out a fierce metallic shriek, and a deep claw mark appeared on the shield.

“Reverse Sting!” Mo Fan saw the opportunity as he hastily activated the Departing Nether Shield’s counter ability.

In that moment, rhombus-shaped blades shot out like a torrential rain from the strange holes on the shield.

These rhombus blades were extremely sharp. Even if the Cursed Beast’s external skin had a layer of rotten flesh as protection, the sudden attack from the rhombus blades penetrated fiercely into the body of the Cursed Beast!

Dark Beasts were experts in making others bleed, while the counterattack of the Departing Nether Shield had hooks. The Departing Nether Shield’s bleeding ability was in no way inferior to the claws of a Dark Beast.

How could the Cursed Beast possibly imagine that the Departing Nether Shield was this advanced? Numerous holes emerged from the wounds on its body, and a dark grey liquid began to flow out of those holes.

“Guguguguggugugugu~~~!!!!”

The Cursed Beast was flustered. It didn’t wait for the other Reverse Stings to enter its body before it suddenly began to jump backwards and pull the blades out of its body!

“Its responses are fairly quick. It actually didn’t get hooked by the counterattack!” Mo Fan watched the Cursed Beast jump away as he felt some regret.

If the Cursed Beast was hit by all of the Reverse Stings, then it hooked onto the bones, he would’ve casted a Thunderbolt. Even if it didn’t die by then, it’d at least be half-dead!

As expected of a Warrior-class creature, it definitely wasn’t easy to deal with!

The Reverse Sting didn’t give the Cursed Beast a life-threatening wound. Mo Fan also took this chance to draw back further.

Mo Fan retracted the Departing Nether Shield. He knew that he didn’t have many methods for protecting himself, so he definitely couldn’t let the Cursed Beast approach him again.

“If you want to charge over again, then ask my fist first!”

As Mo Fan saw the Cursed Beast charging over again, rose-hued flames ignited around his body.

“Rose Flames, Fiery Fist, Groundbreak!”

Mo Fan put all of his mana into this one fist as he punched down fiercely.

The flames poured into the ground. Suddenly, a gaudy red fiery pillar burst out of the ground like an erupting volcano!

The fire pillar’s area was extremely large as it blew up, the surging magma flames dancing. The Cursed Beast was extremely cunning, its launched attack was just a feint. When the ground began to erupt, the treacherous creature suddenly jumped to the side. It actually dodged the fatal Groundbreak Flames!

By just touching a little bit of the flames naturally wouldn’t hurt the Warrior-level Cursed creature.

The Cursed Beast displayed a mocking smile. When it landed gracefully on the ground, its speed suddenly erupted as it flashed toward Mo Fan.

Its claws were still frantically working while it was racing over. The flying claws that came along with the erupting speed of its body turned into a whirlwind of claws that shot over with extreme speed.

Mo Fan was despondent when he saw this.

God damn, this Cursed Beast’s abilities are much stronger than that of a Dark Beast!

Fortunately, Mo Fan had considered this scenario and didn’t let the flames in his right hand go off.

However, the remaining mana he had was not enough to cast the Groundbreak again. Fortunately, Mo Fan threw his fist of flames toward the storm of claws to fight it.

Whoooooooooooosh~

The flames spouted forth from Mo Fan’s fist. Its power was not as ferocious as a complete Fiery Fist, Exploding Heavens.

Mo Fan didn’t expect to blast the Cursed Beast away. He only hoped for the remaining flames to help him defend against the wind blade attacks from his opponent.

Claw Edge Whirlwind had a layer of chaotic winds protecting it. All of the flames that struck it were either blown away, or swept apart. The wind itself didn’t appear to be weakened at all!

