Chapter 296: The Bewitching Magic Spider

"I only learned that there's a beast nearby that can control one's mind. I was just coming back to bring everyone away from here, but you guys were already fighting."

"Why don't you go ahead and kill that son of a bitch? You can easily resolve a situation like this by killing the mastermind. Everyone will return to normal then!" Zhao Manting blurted out.

Usually, Mo Fan would be quick and decisive. Why was he so slow tonight? Zhao Manting was baffled.

"Sure, I'll hold them back. You should go and kill that son of a bitch," Mo Fan said.

Zhao Manting was left speechless.

It was simple to guess why Mo Fan was unwilling to go. Being able to dominate the area and leaving an entire pit with bones was enough to imply that the beast was not something they wanted to mess with.

Mo Fan did not care about the rest of the group. Even though Mu Nujiao was put under the curse too, he could knock her out and carry her away. It made more sense to leave the place as quickly as possible.

Just as Mo Fan was still trying to figure out a plan, a graceful figure floated toward him rapidly, astonishing silver hair drifting in the wind elegantly.

"Come with me!" Mu Ningxue arrived in front of Mo Fan with her Wind Track and grabbed his wrist.

"Where are we going to...Slow, slow down. There's a swamp ahead..." Mo Fan let out a shriek. In simpler words, it was the last place he wanted to be at.

Words could not describe how unwilling Mo Fan was when he was being dragged away by Mu Ningxue with brute force. However, as he got closer to the pond, he knew that he had no choice, but to kill the monster inside the water today.

As Mo Fan was thinking what the monster inside the water would look like, he suddenly noticed a red mark on Mu Ningxue's forehead. It did make the icy and sacred girl look rather seductive. Mo Fan's heart began to beat rapidly.

Wait a second, why is my heart even racing. Mu Ningxue has lost her state of mind too!

But, it doesn't make any sense!

The others had begun to fight each other when they lost their state of mind, as if they were unleashing the grudges which had been kept inside their hearts for a long time.

Mu Ningxue was in the same position too, but why was she dragging him all the way here instead?

Has she fully lost control, so she is purposely presenting herself as food to the beast in the pond? Or did it magnify her emotions, thus making her more determined to kill the beast?

"Nirvana Ice Spread: Blizzard!" Mu Ningxue cast an Ice Spell right at the eerie pond.

An icy murderous intent could be seen in her eyes. She was indeed bewitched, but her emotions turned out to be a strong drive to kill the culprit!

Mo Fan was wearing the Focus necklace, so he was able to maintain a clear mind. However, Mu Ningxue, who was being bewitched, was still focused on killing the beast. He could not help but feel utterly impressed.

This woman was such a weirdo. Everyone else was quarreling with each other, which then escalated to killing each other. Let it be fear, anger, envy, lust… all of them had some reason which drove them to kill one another, but that was not the case for Mu Ningxue. All it ended up doing was magnifying her will to kill the beast!

The ice rapidly spread across the water. Mu Ningxue was trying to freeze the entire pond with her Nirvana Ice!

There was no way the beast under the water would remain calm when the pond was freezing. Mo Fan totally prepared himself as he waited patiently at the side.

If something similar to the Pseudomorphing Demon Beast sprang out from the pond, he would instantly knock Mu Ningxue out, then knock Mu Nujiao out too, and fled with Bai Tingting and Zhao Manting.

It was not a matter of having no guts. The world was full of wonders. Mo Fan did not assume he could handle any demon beast with his current strength. If he could not defeat it, of course he would run away!

The ice continued to spread rapidly. The surface of the water was almost completely frozen. Mo Fan could see the reflections of the stars in the sky from the surface.

There was indeed something inside the water. As the ice almost covered the whole surface, many tiny creatures which looked like spiders with somewhat weird eyes sprang out from the pond and fled in all directions as if they were harmless.

However, a moment later, Mo Fan noticed some of the spiders crept toward him and climbed up his pants.

Mo Fan was unaware of it at the start, as the spiders were absolutely tiny and nimble. It would be impossible to feel them on your skin. Luckily, the Focus necklace had alerted him with a ripple...

"Was Ming Cong being bewitched by these little spiders when he was getting water from the pond?" The thought crossed Mo Fan's mind.

These tiny creatures must be the reason. Otherwise, the Focus necklace would not behave in such a way.

If he were bewitched, as his current thought was to run away, he would end up fleeing on his own after the thought was magnified. He would not care about the others, or maybe he would just go ahead and kill that bastard Liao Mingxuan. He had been a nuisance for a long time...

As Mo Fan was still immersed in his random thoughts, a loud explosion occurred inside the pond.

The layer of ice on the water was shattered and scattered widely. The impact also produced a huge wave, surging out and flooding the place.

More shockingly, countless spiders like before were leaping around on the water as they fled in all directions in fear.

An utterly hideous brain surfaced from the water, together with lines of eyes emitting an evil crimson glow. Some of them were staring at Mo Fan, while the rest were staring at Mu Ningxue.

It was the brain of a spider, half the size of a room. Its eyes were located between the brain and the face. The face was in an odd shape, utterly contorted with dark lines.

The bulk of its body was made up of brains. Its actual body was significantly smaller than its head. However, what caught Mo Fan's attention the most were its legs. They were densely packed with hairs as sharp as a saber. These weren't legs, they were eight razor-edged sabers that could easily pierce through one's chest!

A spider-type demon beast!

The type was infamous for being evil and cold-blooded. They had countless weird, unexpected, and cruel ways to hunt their prey. They were experts in using traps, curses, poison, and bewitchment to catch their prey off guard!

It was a bewitching spider-type demon beast!

Heaven knows how long this Bewitching Magic Spider had been living here and the number of beasts it had eaten, to have grown into such a shocking size. On a side note, demon beasts like the Bewitching Magic Spider were usually weaker in combat!

Mo Fan took a deep breath and inhaled a weird scent coming from the Bewitching Magic Spider's body.

Luckily, it didn't look ridiculously strong. It was winnable!

