Chapter 291: An Eerie Water Spider

…

"Hold on for a little longer, just a little longer, it's about to turn green!"

"Damn it, more of them are coming, if we don't leave now, we're going to turn into their dinner!"

"It's green, it's green!"

"Let's go, quick!"

The group was soaked in sweat as they hurriedly fled the place.

A few moments later, packs of giant green lizards crawled out from the swampy area and overran the street.

They let out cries into the sky as the group of magicians cast spells to escape from the place safely.

Luckily, they had come up with an escape route before they carried out the plan. Otherwise, they would have found themselves stuck between the giant lizards by now.

"Holy crap, we are in such a miserable state, even though we've only completed one inspection point. Doesn't that mean half of us will end up dead if we finish the whole mission?" Luo Song grumbled while panting heavily.

"We're lacking strong firepower since Mo Fan isn't here. It's more of a burden for us to fight against the beasts," Peng Liang subconsciously blurted out.

In terms of firepower, even Mu Ningxue was incomparable to Mo Fan. Both his Lightning and Fire Elements were considered the most violent Elements, not to mention that they were both enhanced with Soul Seeds. He could easily wipe out a whole pack of Servant-class demon beasts with a few Intermediate Spells.

"Humph, that guy would only get us into trouble. He even claims that he could inspect the places on his own. I believe he's going to come back empty-handed soon," Liao Mingxuan retorted.

They had spent two days designing their plan and executing it, since the device itself would attract certain demon beasts to them. Therefore, some of them would have to guard the device for three hours. It was almost impossible without a team.

"Indeed, maybe he's already dead." Luo Song replied with a nod. He earnestly hoped that was the case. How lucky was that son of a bitch, not only did he have Double Innate Elements, he even had two Soul Seeds!

"Sorry to disappoint you, but my watch is telling me that he's heading straight in our direction," Zhao Manting said.

They each had a localizer in their watches, which would point in the direction of the same watch and vaguely display the distance between them.

Zhao Manting had been keeping an eye out on his watch all the time, and discovered that Mo Fan had started coming toward them an hour ago...

He was moving fairly quickly, as if he weren't even trying to hide from the beasts roaming in the city. He was moving toward the group in a straight line.

Zhao Manting could not help but wonder if Mo Fan's Spirit Wolf had evolved successfully. Otherwise, how could he move at such so fast, in such a daring manner?

------

The group managed to find a resting spot. It was a relatively well-preserved church.

The construction of the church was done with considerations for its maintenance as it aged. As a result, the building material used prevented any plant from growing on its walls, which somehow preserved it completely as the city was abandoned. A brief cleaning was enough to prepare the place as a temporary base for the group.

Three students stayed at the church. They were Song Xia, who was still in a coma; Bai Tingting, who was handling Song Xia's recovery; and Ming Cong, who was protecting the two girls.

"They were on their way back, but the route they took before is somehow blocked now. It's hard to tell if they can make it back before dark," Ming Cong said to Bai Tingting after receiving the news.

Bai Tingting was kneeling right beside Song Xia. All her weight was pressing down on her calves. Her round buttocks and curvy legs fully stretched her pants without any creases. Anyone would have a lewd imagination looking at her well-rounded body.

Ming Cong was not a gentleman to begin with. He knew that Bai Tingting was fully focused on healing Song Xia's injury, thus he recklessly stared at her while occasionally swallowing to himself.

Everyone knew that Liao Mingxuan liked Mu Nujiao. He had always been circling around her like a bee, but he was always disgusted when he saw Mo Fan.

Ming Cong did not hold a grudge against Mo Fan at the start. However, when he discovered that Bai Tingting, whom he was interested in, was quite close to Mo Fan, plus Mo Fan displayed his outstanding talents with his Double Innate Elements, he no longer had a good impression of him. Since Liao Mingxuan, Shen Mingxiao, and Luo Song were trying to pick on Mo Fan, he immediately joined their side without hesitation.

Ming Cong had volunteered to guard the church. He wanted to make use of the opportunity to improve his relationship with Bai Tingting.

"Ming Cong, go and collect some clean water. I'll need to clean her wounds," Bai Tingting said.

"Just use the drinking water here."

"Cleaning the wounds will need plenty of water. We only have a limited supply of drinking water left. We should preserve it." Bai Tingting said.

"Fine."

Ming Cong took the container and went out. He was figuring out where he could get the water from...

He remembered seeing a pond overgrown with weeds when the group first arrived. The water should be enough for cleaning her wounds.

Ming Cong did not notice anything out of place at the pond. He carelessly dipped the container into the pond as his mind was occupied with the image of Bai Tingting's body.

Unlike Mu Nujiao and Mu Ningxue, Bai Tingting was relatively petite. She was the type with a well-rounded figure. Ming Cong did not prefer skinny girls, but those with rather defined body parts, as he felt like it would feel better when grabbing them.

Normally, most of the people would be worried about the demon beasts in the current environment. However, the more dangerous the situation was, the easier it was for a man to have lewd thoughts due to the atmosphere. Ming Cong had watched some adult-rated videos in a post-apocalyptic setting. Being with Bai Tingting in a church alone under the current circumstances did fit the atmosphere...

It had been a while since the group had left the safe zone for the training, which meant that Ming Cong, who normally spent every night lying on a woman's body, was unable to fulfill his cravings throughout this period. His mind was full of lewd thoughts and imaginings.

He did not even realize that the container had been filled with water.

Nor did he notice something that looked like a water spider was climbing into his sleeve past his hand that was still immersed in the water!

The half-transparent water spider quickly climbed into Ming Cong's shirt and stayed there.

"Time to head back. Instead of imagining it here, maybe I should try communicating with her more, and see if I could take her down." Ming Cong was not an inexperienced little boy. He knew that just imagining it was totally useless. The key was to find her soft spot and hit it hard!

He returned to the church, unknowingly taking along the little creature with an appearance similar to a water spider.

"This hell of a place is full of bugs, making my whole body itchy. How irritating." Ming Cong scratched his back as he felt a sting there...

