Chapter 266: Strengthening the Spirit Wolf Part One

Chapter 266: Strengthening the Spirit Wolf (Part One)

Translator: Tofu Editor: Aelryinth

“Humph, I’ll teach him a lesson next time!” Lu Zhenghe glared at Mo Fan, grievances piling up in his heart.

“No one would expect them to have such an ace, too. It looks like we’ve underestimated the Pearl Institute!” Lu Yiming exclaimed with a sigh.

“I don’t think he’s that impressive!” Lu Zhenghe protested.

“So, apparently having two innate Elements is not impressive? Are you trying to say that you, who relies solely on your Violent Mark Wolf, is more impressive?” Liao Mingxuan immediately used the opportunity to mock the overly proud Lu Zhenghe.

“That’s enough! There’s always winning and losing in a battle. Besides, it was only supposed to be a friendly match. It’s more about the experience!” Lu Yiming intervened.

Students only had the chance to train themselves at institutes. Even if there were duels, they would only be against other magicians, so there were still many things they had to learn. It was necessary for them to fight against real demons, too!

A powerful magician did not necessarily need to have an overwhelming strength. It was more important to learn how to survive in the wild, where the demons resided.

The training at universities was no longer as naive as the military practice they went through during high school. They would be sending the students outside the safe zones without protection from teachers or hunters. They would have to face the problems themselves, and handle demons on their own…

Deaths were inevitable in such training, but as magicians, it was an awareness that they should have had since they first Awakened their magic!

The news spread rapidly. Even the leaders of the Pearl Institute found it hard to believe after hearing that they had won the battle.

Dean Xiao and Zhou Zhenghua felt extremely relieved after hearing the details from Mr. Gu Han. They had definitely made the right choice sending Mo Fan to the Imperial College. A shadow was cast as soon as the pole was raised!

Since Mo Fan had displayed his Fire Element, the news regarding his double innate Elements was soon spread around the schools.

Mo Fan, the demon king of the Pearl Institute, was now quite famous. He had suddenly become a hot topic among the students across the whole country. Suddenly, the students began to set up a ranking based on everyone’s talents.

Students with nothing better to do listed out those who had shown incredible talents and arranged their names on a list.

Both Mu Ningxue and Mo Fan were included on the list, their talents regularly discussed by the students.

Mo Fan even checked the ranking himself. His Innate Double Elements was ranked fifth, while Mu Ningxue’s Innate Spirit Seed was ranked ninth.

“No way, even Innate Double Elements is only ranked fifth on the list. Let me see how crazy the talents are that placed higher than fifth!” Zhao Manting screamed after staring at his phone.

“The world is so big. There are surely people with insane talents.” Peng Liang said after glancing at Mo Fan. “It’s already insane to be ranked in the fifth among the students from all the different schools. Imagine the prodigies that each of the schools has. Even being ranked in the top one hundred would be a great boost to your confidence, let alone being ranked in the top ten!”

“Talents are a gift from the Heaven to very few certain magicians. Without working hard, those with talents will also become trash. I’ve seen many young magicians with incredible talents, but how many of them are actually reputable in the end? There’s nothing to be envious of!” Mr. Qiu Yuhua scoffed, speaking in a professional manner.

Mr. Gu Han could not help but agree. Talent was only adding decoration to something perfect. It was more important to work diligently.

For someone like Mo Fan, with Innate Double Elements, if he did not work hard enough, having three Elements might actually become a burden, stopping him from reaching the Advanced Level.

A magician who could not even reach the Advanced Level despite having three Elements… What use would that be?

As such, to those who were relatively experienced, talents were not necessarily the determining factor!

“Now, you will be sent away from the safe zones as training. Your safety is not guaranteed during the training, as no one will come and save you if you’re in danger!” Mrs. Li Jing told them.

“No protection?”

“We’ll give each of you a pen that’s able to send out a magic signal. If you find yourselves trapped, we’ll send out reinforcements… but first, you have to stay alive until help arrives…”

“This…” The expressions of the crowd of students stiffened.

“Deaths and injuries were quite common in the past. Therefore, I hope everyone will be on high alert once the training begins. Don’t do anything too risky. There might be times where you think you could easily handle a few demons, but let me tell you this: things are not always as simple as they seem!” Mr. Gu Han warned them sternly.

“Even though you’ve taken classes about demons, or received information about the world outside the safe zones, the truth is, most of the teachers who have taught you have never left the safe zones themselves. If you assume that what you’ve learned is enough to look after yourselves… that isn’t realistic at all.

“Anyways, just be careful. I want to see the same number of people coming back!” Mr. Qiu Yuhua said.

The three teachers were as calm as usual, but everyone knew that the training was not something to be taken lightly.

Although Mo Fan had fought demons in the past, just like the other students, it was also his first time leaving the safe zones.

Ever since they were born, they were told that the world outside the safe zones was the demons’ territories. Even the greatest magician would be forced to tuck their tail between their legs, as you never knew when you would stumble into a terrifying demon, or a bunch of them!

“You are required to carry out a task when the training begins. We will notify you when the time comes. Since you’re here in the capital, if you have some savings, it’s better to buy a piece of defensive Equipment. It might save your life.”

Most of the students in the exchange came from average backgrounds. Therefore, they could afford one or two pieces of Equipment.

Mo Fan knew that he did not have the money to buy more Equipment, so he did not even bother going to the vendors.

As they were given five days to prepare for the training, Mo Fan decided to use the time to strengthen his Summoned Beast.

The Spirit Wolf had had quite a hard time.

During the friendly match, the Spirit Wolf was totally crushed by the Violent Mark Wolf. Their strengths were not even on the same level.

Despite being from the same species, the Spirit Wolf had completely lost its pride during the battle.

Mo Fan was aware that the battle had a great effect the Spirit Wolf. After considering for a time, he decided to help it rank up to Warrior level.

It had been almost a year since it ranked up to the Advanced Level. The Spirit Wolf had continued to battle inside the Summoned Beast Plane to improve itself, so its experience should be enough to rank up to the next level.

After the humiliation it had received from the Violent Mark Wolf, the Spirit Wolf had a stronger desire to break free from its Servant status. It longed for the chance to evolve into a stronger Wolf.

How could Mo Fan possibly be willing to let such an ambitious wolf be humiliated any further?

Besides, that guy with the name Lu Zhenghe was so full of himself, just because he had a Warrior-level creature.

Mo Fan disliked assholes like him the most… not to mention that he was shameless enough to stay near Mu Ningxue all the time.

Once his Spirit Wolf ranked up to the Warrior level, he was eager to see how Lu Zhenghe would still retain his attitude!

