Chapter 236: This Lightning is not Common Lightning!

Chapter 236: This Lightning is not Common Lightning!

Translator: Tofu Editor: Tofu

“Hmph, you think you can fight me on your own? The amount of Dark Beasts I can control are more than you could possibly imagine!” Hui Yi was no longer acting. The smile on his face had turned into a gloomy sneer.

As he said this, the stench immediately pervaded throughout the entire maze, instantly turning into a miasma.

This miasma was actually toxic. If a person were to breathe this in for a minute, then they would get poisoned. If they passed out, then they’d basically be choked to death.

The group of people had yet to react to what was happening, and were instantly enveloped in the miasma. One by one they began to faint, except for the Shadow student. He used the Evading Shadow to quickly move into a different area.

“Classmate! Save your team members, or else they will die here!” Mo Fan knew what was happening behind him, so he shouted at the Shadow Student in a loud voice.

The student quickly responded, “Alright, thank you!”

The miasma came from behind Hui Yi. There were many sharp voices coming out of the turbid miasma, rising from the crowd of Dark Beasts.

They bared their fangs as they charged toward Mo Fan, wanting to rip him into pieces.

Mo Fan took a step and his body sank into the shadows. He quickly turned into a shadow and quickly flashed through from the walls. In the next second, he appeared behind Hui Yi.

Mo Fan slowly emerged from the shadows, and in his hand a trace of Lightning quickly scuttled forth…

However, at the moment he was going to make his move, Hui Yi suddenly displayed a cold smile in disdainfully. A cold aura immediately arose from his body, and the ice chains emerged from the grounds and flew towards Mo Fan.

“Ice!”

Mo Fan was a bit astonished, and he hastily jumped backwards.

The ice chains were brandished as they began to surround Mo Fan from all directions in sequence. Their chill turned people’s bones rigid.

Mo Fan knew that he was underestimating the Hui Yi’s abilities. He immediately activated the soul imprint and opened the power of his Blood Beast Boots.

Red light flashed around Mo Fan’s legs and interwove into something that resembled armor before it covered his legs. At the same time, there was a red line that looked like a blood vessel pouring onto Mo Fan’s legs, and the power of his legs rose sharply!

Swoooosh!

A thick Ice Shackle swept toward Mo Fan’s back. It arced towards him, looking like a gigantic python that was about to wrap itself around Mo Fan’s body.

Mo Fan used the erupting power of the Blood Beast Boots and jumped away suddenly, dodging the Ice Shackle.

As he stepped onto the thick Ice Shackle, Mo Fan used the force from being lashed at to land directly onto the dark wall!

“Go.” Hui Yi controlled the remaining Ice Shackle. It was like he had predicted the location Mo Fan would leap onto, and he quickly used the Ice Shackles to form a gigantic binding formation.

The Ice Shackles rushed forward. Mo Fan knew he had to avoid their tips, so he stomped heavily on the dark walls, his body shooting away like a catapult toward an even more area.

The Ice Shackles were flying as they chased him, and they nearly caught him. Once you were locked on by the Ice Shackles, then struggling to escape from was very difficult.

“You dare to fight against us, the Black Vatican, with that little ability? Let me tell you, whoever has caught the attention of our Black Vatican can dream about living properly again, and you are definitely not an exception!!” Hui Yi watched the moving Mo Fan, who was in a difficult situation. The smile on his face turned increasingly sinister.

He was an Intermediate Ice Magician. Adding on to that was the fact that he could obtain many Dark Beasts for fighting. This Mo Fan actually tried to fight against him, that was far too naive!

Fortunately, the Shadow Beast was already too tired to move. After he finished off Mo Fan and brought the Shadow Beast to Sir Priest, then he would be the person with the most outstanding service for this operation!

“For trash like you, even if more of you came, I’d still be able to annihilate them!” Mo Fan stood there as his eyes turned solemn.

Hui Yi once again displayed a cold smile. He pointed toward Mo Fan, and the Dark Beasts within the miasma immediately surrounded him. At a quick glance, there were no less than ten of them.

Hui Yi did not plan on fighting against Mo Fan head on, he wanted to use the Dark Beasts to tire him out and then use the Ice Shackles at the critical moment. That way, he’d be able to finish everything!

“Awuuuu~!!!” From a silvery crack in the air, a gigantic wolf head stretched out, followed by its sturdy and powerful body.

Its long blue fur was fluttering with the wind. Its bright eyes and full expression were filled with the wild nature of a wolf.

“Those Dark Beasts are yours!” Mo Fan said to the Spirit Wolf.

The Spirit Wolf was indeed violent. It didn’t bother warning those Dark Beasts, nor did it care about how many there were. It took a couple of steps and charged toward them.

The Dark Beasts were furious, and they had advantage in numbers. This Spirit Wolf was indeed very arrogant, how dare it not place them in its eyes! They were all Minion class, or was it saying that the ten of them could not win against one?!

The Dark Beasts moved to encircle the Wolf, nimbly trying to pull off hit and run tactics. To speak frankly, it was just biting the opponent and clawing them once before they retreated. They wanted to bleed the Spirit Wolf to death.

The Spirit Wolf wasn’t that easy to deal with. Not all of the Dark Beasts that attacked him were able to retreat successfully. Two of them who had left wounds were quickly swatted to the ground by the claws of the Spirit Wolf, and then were brutally stomped to death!

Mo Fan realized his Spirit Wolf’s combat prowess was indeed high. Even if it was unable to match ten Dark Beasts, it was still able to defeat their formation in a short period of time.

The most important thing was to kill the member of the Black Vatican in front of him, who was pretending to be a student. From the strength he had displayed, he should only be a henchman.

That was fine, too. Getting rid of their henchmen before finding their master would also be advantageous!

He could not do close combat. This guy’s Ice Shackles were pretty impressive. If he really did to get trapped, he would be in quite some danger.

Forget it, what was the point of bullshitting with this person? Let’s just directly kill him!

As a man who possessed the most violent Element of Lightning and Thunder, he would be able to deal with most problems just by using a fist! If that didn’t work, he could use Thunderbolt! I refuse to believe this henchman will be able to withstand my explosive attacks!

Mo Fan didn’t say much as the dark purple Lightning arc appeared around his body.

The Star Paths interlinked and quickly turned into a Lightning Star Atlas beneath Mo Fan’s feet.

If he wanted to be tyrannical, then what else would he use, other than Lightning?

At this time, Mo Fan did not need to hide any of his powers. He needed to let this lackey of the Black Vatican understand that not everyone from Bo City was easily provokable!

“Dark purple color…This Lightning isn’t a Common-grade Lightning!”

Hui Yi was retracting the Ice Shackles. He wanted to use defensively, but after he saw that Mo Fan’s lightning was dark purple, his eyes began to widen!

The Lightning Element was incredibly fierce. If the Lightning was Spirit-grade, then even if his Ice Shackles condensed into a protective layer and stacked on top of a defensive Magic Equipment, it might not be enough to defend against it!

