Chapter 250: Imperial College

Chapter 250: Imperial College

Translator: Tofu Editor: Aelryinth

Mo Fan could be considered a very normal person. Since he had come to the Imperial city, then he might as well take a look at the tourist attractions!

As a man who refused to satisfy himself until he had reached the apex, Mo Fan was standing on a lofty mountain ridge. As he stood near the ridge that had been built up into a great wall, he viewed the majestic mountains. A couple of quiet exclamations left him as he looked around, he felt like he was at a completely different level!

“The Great Wall was constructed by Qin Shi Huang, the first emperor. In the beginning, it was used to defend against Magical Beast’s invasions. However, following the expansion of the territory of China, this majestic defense line had gradually turned into a remnant of its former self. Now it is just used for tourism. The Great Wall has a long history, there were many stories regarding the ancient, mysterious magic that happened on these Great Walls… ” The old teacher, Qiu Yuhua, who was leading the group was giving the students a narration as he began to talk about Magic History.

The other people looked as though they were about to fall asleep, none of them were listening.

Mo Fan’s face was very different, however. There were many questions that popped up in his head, he couldn’t help but begin teasing the history teacher Qiu Yuhua as he said, “Was the magic in the past a bit behind the times? Otherwise, how could a powerful Earth Magician construct a colossal object today, while it took them manpower and bitter work in the past?”

“What do you kids know? Not only was Qin Shi Huang a great Sovereign King and a strategist, he was also the most terrific Earth Magician in our history. The Epang Palace and the Great Wall have existed throughout history! No matter how much time passes, these things have stood tall. Do you really think the material used in creating the Great Wall was common? With your current cultivation, even if you were fighting here for ten days, you still would not be able to scratch the surface of it!” the old teacher Qiu Yuhua said.

Mo Fan was speechless. If he really were to throw a Fiery Fist toward the Great Wall, then he wouldn’t just destroy the remnant of an ancient civilization, but he’d also have to fork out a lot of money in compensation.

“Alright alright, Qin Shi Huang was the ancestor of the Earth Element…” Mo Fan didn’t know whether to cry or to laugh.

“Hmph. The tomb of Qin Shi Huang is a place we have been unable to step into. Do you really think that the tomb was built from the bitter efforts of the people? If that really was the case, then it wouldn’t exist in the Departed Paradise!” old teacher said.

Departed Paradise. This was probably directed toward the tomb outside of the Ancient City, Xi’an. There were many Hunters who wanted to go there and search for the Magic Tools left behind by the ancient people. However, the Departed Creatures were like a tide, rendering the Magicians unable to take a single step.

“Tomorrow, we will go to the court of the Magic Forbidden City. There are many more historical treasures deposited there. Even to this day, they are still extremely interesting,” Qiu Yuhua said.

When they went out with the old teacher, if they didn’t go to historical sites, then they would go to museums, old palaces, places students were normally not interested in at all. However, these were classes they had to attend. If you wanted to be a proper Magician, you couldn’t just go around killing all day!

No matter what era it was, science had its history, while Magic also had its own. The highest level of a subject could not leave out the history behind it.

After they took a tour around these famous remnants of the Imperial City, Mo Fan almost thought that the old teacher would force them to write down their thoughts about it.

Fortunately, what the old teacher wanted to tell everyone was just a single concept; the history of human magic was not simple. It was built upon piles of corpses that had turned into a protective wall. The people that came afterwards needed to put even more effort into their cultivation, increase their strength, and only then would they be able to contend against the Magical Beasts that exceeded humans by millions!

After the calamity of Bo City, humanity’s position had been overturned in Mo Fan’s heart. He specifically went to take a look at the history of this place, and realized that his own world largely had humans killing each other. However, in this place, humans generally watched out for one another. There were rarely battles or wars between humans, they were mostly between humans and magical beasts.

The history appeared to be similar. The science and technology were nearly identical, and the literature wasn’t out of alignment, either. What was different was actually the structure of the world.

The battles between humans and Magical Beasts had never stopped during the entire span of human history. The Great Wall of China was a crucial defensive line constructed by Qi Shihuang, used for protecting the human lands.

The school was, after all, a sacred place. They would never stop imbuing their duty into new Magicians.

Perhaps other students had yet to truly understand the importance of being a Magician. After going through the calamity of Bo City, Mo Fan had a deep experience after seeing first hand how the Magical Beasts had entered the city and used humans as their livestock.

Presumably, over the long course of history, there must’ve been things that happened that were even more dreadful than the calamity of Bo City between the humans and Magical Beasts!

After walking through a couple Chinese Magic History sacred grounds, they finally entered the Imperial College.

Mo Fan felt as though the many compliments he had given the Imperial College paled in comparison to its reality. In his brain, all that he came up with was “Tsinghua” or “Beijing University” as descriptions, yet, those were still too far from its reality.

This was the number one University in China, always revered by others and never toppled.

Each year, the Magic Universities would have an exchange. This was a very common thing. Originally, with Pearl Institute being the number one university in Shanghai, its ranking was not just for show. When they went to other universities, not only would they not have to bow, it wouldn’t be even a bit of a problem if they were to walk around with a sense of superiority.

However, Gu Han’s luck was was indeed weak. Out of 985 projects with nearly 40 schools, he didn’t draw anything good. He just had to draw the Imperial College, the school ranked number one. When the school board learned about this, they began to seethe with anger.

Pearl Institute was a well-known University within the nation. However, there was indeed a slight bit of disparity when compared to the splendid Imperial College. After all, the other party’s history was extremely deep!

Here, the disciples of Aristocratic families were the same as normal students. The geniuses in this place were numerous, you could hit dozens with a wave of your arm. If you weren’t born under a Heavenly Sign, then you’d be embarrassed when telling others that you were an Imperial College student!

The board of Pearl Institute did have a lot of pressure. Being the number one ranked University in Shanghai, there was no way they would ever say they were terrified of Imperial College. Thus, the board of Pearl Institute decided to choose the most outstanding freshmen in the Main Campus to distinguish themselves for Pearl Institute at the Imperial College.

The list of names was decided by Dean Xiao, and the first name he wrote on it was Mo Fan!

Mo Fan even dared to kill those from the Black Vatican, and he dared to be tyrannical. No matter how imposing the Imperial College was, they still couldn’t exceed the Black Vatican. By having this kid go, they definitely won’t lose out!

Afterwards, Dean Xiao also put in the names of other people Mo Fan knew.

One of them was Zhao Manyan, his dorm mate.

The other was Mu Nujiao, his house mate.

One was Song Xia, his future dorm mate… eh, this girl was a bit too violent, let’s forget that…

Zheng Bingxiao, his classmate of the same element.

Luo Song and Shen Mingxiao, who had obtained the carcass of the Shadow Beast.

The Healing Element student, Bai Tingting, and another student called Peng Liang.

Since they had picked them from the freshmen, those old students who had entered the Main Campus from the Azure Campus were not even ranked. Thus, the outstanding students were a group of people that Mo Fan had at least seen before.

Adding in Mo Fan, there were a total of nine exchange students this time.

Gu Han was leading the group, while Qiu Yuhua was responsible for talking.

If he were to count, then Mo Fan was familiar with all of them, except for the student called Peng Liang… even if that familiarity was bad blood…

