Chapter 290: Completing the Collection

An Advanced-level One-eyed Magic Wolf was significantly faster and quicker to respond. Mo Fan knew that the cunning beast would dodge his Fire Spells with ease.

Therefore, he straight away went with a much simpler yet violent way, using the Thunderbolt that even an Advanced-level One-eyed Magic Wolf would not be faster than!

The purple-golden lightning struck down, triggering a spark in the air. On top of that, the effects of Qianjun made it look even scarier.

A single lightning bolt was enough to leave the Advanced-level One-eyed Magic Wolf with no chance to react, without the need for a follow-up attack. Its powerful body was shattered into bloodspray by the overwhelming power of the Thunderbolt.

A rain of blood fell down from above, sprinkling onto the rest of the One-eyed Magic Wolves nearby. Those who were rather timid totally lost their will to fight. The big guy was considered the strongest among them, and yet he was defeated by the human with a single spell. How powerful was this human?

"Lightning Strike!"

The merciless attacks were enough to highlight Mo Fan's hatred of the One-eyed Magic Wolves. Before the One-eyed Magic Wolves could recover from their shock, he lashed out with several forks of Lightning Strike to hamper the remaining One-eyed Magic Wolves.

When they lost their ability to move from the paralysis, Mo Fan swiftly attacked with three Fire Bursts!

There was not any skill that stood out in the series of attacks. He was blatantly killing them with the overwhelming power of Fire and Lightning.

"Something is glowing there? It's a Soul Essence, hahaha! I'm in luck, I've found another Soul Essence!"

Mo Fan was overjoyed. He had killed quite a number of Servant-class demon beasts throughout this adventure, but he'd yet to find any Soul Essences. He finally understood why the Stardust Magic Tool was so rare and expensive.

Only someone with four Elements like Mo Fan could afford to face so many beasts at once. The rest of the Intermediate Magicians who still had not mastered their basics had no choice but to run if they were fighting more than ten beasts at once.

That was another Soul Essence in the collection, which meant he could now refine his sixth Star!

In addition, after collecting the Soul Remnants of the One-eyed Magic Wolves that were still being slaughtered, they were most likely enough to form half a Soul Essence.

The Swift Star Wolf let out a roar and took a few hits so it could tear at the Three-eyed Magic Wolf's throat.

Following the bite, fresh blood splattered across the place like a spring. It was extremely striking.

The Three-eyed Magic Wolf held its throat with its claw. It realized that it stood no chance against the incredibly nimble Swift Star Wolf, and finally decided to flee for its life. It hurled a worn-out car nearby toward the Swift Star Wolf and ran into the distance.

"Trying to run?" Mo Fan was long aware of its intentions. A Shadow pattern appeared under his feet.

A Shadow Spike appeared before his chest. With a thought, it quickly vanished into thin air...

From the reflection of a puddle ahead, the shadow of something like a rapier swept pass silently.

As the Three-eyed Magic Wolf was fleeing into the woods nearby, its movement came to a sudden stop, as if something enormous had grabbed it from behind.

The Three-eyed Magic Wolf stomped the ground, which collapsed and sank beneath it, but its body was still held in place firmly in a weird manner.

"Finish it off quickly, its strength is rather high!" Mo Fan said to the Swift Star Wolf.

The Shadow Spike nailed to the shadow of the Three-eyed Magic Wolf loosened up due to its strength. Mo Fan had no idea how long the spike would hold.

The Swift Star Wolf sprang forward instantly. Unlike the Three-eyed Magic Wolf, which would leave a huge mark on the ground with each step, the Swift Star Wolf left no trail behind. It was indeed light as a feather and fast as the wind!

The Swift Star Wolf's fur fluttered in the wind. He gathered his strength as he ran forward. He was still twenty meters away from the Three-eyed Magic Wolf when he leapt into the air, his sharp claws emitting icy flickers.

He drove forward like the thrust of a sword. His claw left a flickering trail behind as it tore through the Three-eyed Magic Wolf's injured throat.

The Three-eyed Magic Wolf tried to raise its thick forelegs to shield itself, but the slash blatantly cut through them, too.

The two severed arms flew through the air as fresh blood spiraled out from the wounds.

The momentum of the slash was not halted by its legs. It continued on to slash through the same wound on the Three-eyed Magic Wolf's throat, turning it from a hole to a clean cut, severing the flesh and bone beneath.

Its head slowly fell off from the cut and dropped heavily to the ground, its body still being held in place by Mo Fan's Shadow Spike. As a result, a stiffened headless giant wolf was just standing there, totally losing its previous imperious appearance!

A few seconds later, fresh blood jetted out from the cut like a fountain. As the effect of the Shadow Spike slowly fell away, the Three-eyed Magic Wolf collapsed onto the ground like a small building.

The Swift Star Wolf, who was a clean freak, stayed far away from the corpse. He waited until the blood finished spraying all over the place before going up to the corpse of the Three-eyed Magic Wolf. He ripped open its chest and dug up its heart.

He swallowed his prize in one go. The inner organs of the same species of Beasts were incredibly useful for the Swift Star Wolf. As a beast that had grown up obeying the law of jungle, being merciful was never the key to staying alive.

Following the Three-eyed Magic Wolf's death, the One-eyed Magic Wolves totally lost their will to fight Mo Fan and his Swift Star Wolf. They immediately fled in all directions.

"You go and clean them up, I'll see if the Three-eyed Magic Wolf has anything valuable left." Mo Fan said to the Swift Star Wolf.

The Swift Star Wolf rolled his eyes like a human. I've dealt with their boss, and now that the battle has ended, why do I have to clean up still? Are you kidding me?

"You've already eaten the most valuable heart. Go on..." Mo Fan prodded...

He would surely be able to salvage some valuable loot from the corpse of a Warrior-level demon beast. If he were lucky to find some mutated bones, claws, or skin useful for crafting equipment, he could sell them off for quite a fortune!

Unfortunately, the Three-eyed Magic Wolf did not drop such rare loot, but he did find a mutated bone from one of the dead One-eyed Magic Wolves. He should be able to sell it for two hundred thousand RMB.

"The Soul Remnants still aren't enough?

"I've already strengthened the sixth Star. My Lightning Strike is about to rank up!

"Forget it, I should head on to the next inspection point. I should be able to collect enough Soul Remnants there…"

------

Mo Fan returned to the device and saw it beeping green, which indicated that it had finished collecting the data regarding the numbers of beasts within three kilometers. The next step would be bringing it back to the professionals so they could analyze the data.

The next inspection point was not too far away. Mo Fan followed the map and hurried his way over. I'm so close to collecting the seven balls to summon the dragon...Err, I mean, strengthening my Lightning Strike. I won't feel at ease if I don't complete it!

He had managed to complete the task that others would need to group up to accomplish!

That's the freedom he got from having a formidable level of strength!

