Chapter 299: Ice Crystal Bow

The Bewitching Magic Spider gave up on its attack when it saw Mu Ningxue was being protected by a special barrier. It spat out another mouthful of acidic poison in Mo Fan's direction instead.

Mo Fan was given a great scare. He was not a richass like Mu Ningxue, who could afford a piece of shield equipment able to protect his entire body. He started running instantly, knowing that his Blood Tabi was still active...

Picking a race against a rain of poison, how exciting!

When Mo Fan realized that he could never outrun the poisonous spray, he quickly transformed into a puff of shadow and disappeared into the darkness.

He was currently a fair distance away, and believed that Mu Ningxue would not be able to see him using the Shadow Element...

As the poisonous rain poured down, everything within its reach began to corrode at a shocking pace. A single drop somehow landed on Mo Fan's foot, instantly dissolving the side of his shoe. Luckily, he was quick to toss the shoe away, or the spittle would surely have left a giant hole in his foot.

Although Healing Magic could heal the wound rather quickly, it was not all-powerful. Anything poisonous would greatly hinder its effectiveness.

Mo Fan, who now running with a bare foot, was utterly infuriated. He let out a yell in Mu Ningxue's direction, "Use your Ice Chains to lock it down! I'll teach it a great lesson!"

The mark on Mu Ningxue's forehead was now half-gone. She quickly drew her Star Pattern after hearing Mo Fan's words.

The Star Pattern of the Ice Element crystallized under Mu Ningxue's feet. An icy mist began to form in the surrounding air, before transforming into several long chains.

The frost condensed rather quickly, fully summoning the ice chains. They dropped to the ground, clanking loudly.

"Go!" Mu Ningxue pointed with both hands, controlling the ice chains to weave through the corroded area.

The first Nirvana Ice Ice Lock arrived before the Bewitching Magic Spider. The beast reacted fairly quickly by raising its claws and slashing at the chain, cutting it into several segments.

"Again!"

Mu Ningxue controlled the Ice Locks to attack from different directions. Any other beast would be running for its life now, but the Bewitching Magic Spider was facing the Ice Locks head-on with its eight limbs. It quickly cut apart the chains when they approached its body.

"Rise!" Mu Ningxue suddenly pointed her finger up.

An ice chain sprang up from below the ground. It quickly wrapped a few circles around two of the Bewitching Magic Spider's back limbs, not giving it a chance to cut them open!

"Nice!" Mo Fan exclaimed. The Star Pattern he had been aligning emitted a bright glow under his feet. It was a dark purple pattern, containing the most destructive force among all the Elements!

"Qianjun Thunderbolt: Exploding Apex!"

Mo Fan did not cast Yaksha, as it was more suitable for dealing with more than one enemy at the same time. On the other hand, the force of Thunderbolt: Exploding Apex was more concentrated, as it only consisted of a single lightning bolt from the sky. It was a very simple attack, but the hardest to defend against!

The Bewitching Magic Spider was clearly aware of the approaching danger when the stormy cloud began to form above its head. However, its limbs were rooted to the ground, and it was unable to escape for the moment.

The Thunderbolt struck down without mercy. Its dark purple lightning stroke arced across the night sky. As its gorgeous flicker vanished, a destructive force consisting of both the energy of the Thunderbolt and the multiplication effect of Qianjun landed right on the Bewitching Magic Spider's head. It blasted away a huge chunk of its brain!

The hole was thoroughly scorched, with blood plasma and cerebral fluid splattering across the place. Its enormous body fell heavily to the ground, raising the dust nearby.

The Bewitching Magic Spider let out a sharp cry. The Thunderbolt had left it in insane pain. It would need to eat a huge amount of meat to replace the hole in its brain.

The hideous rows of eyes were glaring right at the damned human who'd done that. The Bewitching Magic Spider rose to its limbs with the incredible pain, and broke free from Mu Ningxue's chains with brute force.

"It can still stand?" Mo Fan was dumbfounded.

In the past, even Warrior-level demon beasts would be half-dead after being struck by the Thunderbolt head on. He expected it to kill the beast instantly with Qianjun's multiplication.

Isn't the Bewitching Magic Spider's body a bit too insane? How is it still alive?

Mo Fan quickly backed off. He could sense the fury boiling off the Bewitching Magic Spider.

"Ice Crystal Bow!"

Not far away, Mu Ningxue did not dare to preserve her strength knowing Mo Fan was in a pinch situation.

She reached out her right hand and activated the mark deep inside her soul.

The frost around her turned into a vortex circling around her. It then rapidly transformed into an elegant bow hovering in front of her!

The icy bow almost reached the ground. It was like a swan extending its wings while soaring into the sky. Made of ice crystals. Its appearance was extremely graceful, and yet filled with a strong murderous aura.

Mu Ningxue grasped the bow firmly. The icy particles around her began to transform into arrows.

The magic started with the tip of the arrow, sharp and piercing, followed by a long body fully crafted of ice, ending with its tail, which fit perfectly between Mu Ningxue's fingers and the fully-drawn string.

Her silver hair was hanging behind her back, passing her waist and half-covering her attractive buttocks. As she released her fingers, the ice crystal arrow sprang forward. The gust made her hair dance elegantly in front of her chest and sweep past her elegant face, exposing her pale neck in the process...

The arrow pierced through the air in a perfectly straight line. The overwhelming icy aura left a snowy trail behind it, producing a shocking visual impact.

The tip of the arrow drove into the body of the Bewitching Magic Spider. Mo Fan thought it would penetrate the beast, but the arrow instead exploded. Frost spread rapidly across the beast's skin, with the impact point as its center.

The ring of frost continued to expand, rapidly covering across the entire beast. The Bewitching Magic Spider had already raised its limbs, but before it could do anything crazy, the frost completely covered its body, freezing its half-destroyed brain and its risen limbs stiffened in the air!

