Chapter 215: The Third Layered Space!

Chapter 215: The Third Layered Space!

Translator: Tofu Editor: Tofu

Mo Fan was concentrating on cultivation, he dared not loosen up even a little.

What made him really joyful was the Lightning and Fire Nebulae had already advanced into the second level.

The first and second level had a huge disparity between them. In terms of just mana, the second level would have double the amount. A small Nebula’s coverage became increasingly bigger, and the radiance of the mana within became increasingly brighter.

Lightning and Fire leveled up once more, and Mo Fan’s confidence began to grow increasingly greater.

The time of cultivation within the Three Step Pagoda was limited as well. Mo Fan calculated it, he only had around a single day left.

In fact, after cultivating for the previous few days, his cultivation speed had indeed risen sharply. It was so fast that even Mo Fan had problems believing it. However, this thing was like eating medicine. The more medicine you ate, the greater the chance of developing an antibody.

When Mo Fan used the second layer’s forty-fold richness of the Three Step Pagoda to break through, the speed of his cultivation had gone from the original hundred-fold down to eighty-fold. When he reached the fifth day, it was only about fifty-fold.

On day six, it had decreased to thirty-fold.

This kind of situation was quite normal. Like the Underground Holy Spring, the Three Step Pagoda was rich in resources, but just like anything else, it only worked the very first time you went in. The longer you continued to cultivate in this place, the more its effects would drop.

After it had dropped to thirty-fold, Mo Fan only had one last day left, which was essentially just like him cultivating for half a month. It didn’t mean too much for Mo Fan.

“How about Iuse the last day and charge into the third layer?” This idea popped up in Mo Fan’s head.

The higher the layer, the richer the elemental energy was. Naturally, the benefits of it would be even greater.

Being able to obtain an opportunity to use a place like the Three Step Pagoda was very rare. Mo Fan relied on the mana of his four Elements to charge into the third layer!

Mo Fan now understood the layering of the spaces. A spiritual gravity existed in this place, and the higher the layer, the stronger the spiritual gravity. This was a crucial design to compress all of the elemental energy inside. Thus, when a Magician walked toward the upper layer, they would definitely feel the pressure from the spiritual gravity.

Their mana dispersing would be the biggest sign. Only when you had a high amount of mana would you be able to challenge the higher space layers.

Mo Fan possessed four Elements. The mana he had was definitely much greater than other Intermediate Magicians. Adding on the breakthrough he had made this time, he could not help but attempt the third layer!

After saying it, Mo Fan had already began to climb the steps between the second and third layer.

For every step he took forward, his head felt as though it had a heavy ball tied to it. This kind of heavy feeling could really inflict more pain on the spirit.

Mo Fan clenched his teeth as he continued to climb.

After he had gone halfway, he felt as though Xuanzang was chanting the Band-tightening Spell, it could only be described as extremely painful!

The Spiritual Gravity was increasing, and his head became increasingly heavy and uncomfortable, as though he was being squashed.

I can’t, I can’t endure it.

If he continued, his brain would explode.

Mo Fan finally chose to give up. This kind of Spiritual pain was even more painful than the time he first charged into the Intermediate level-

Oh, I’m already here?

Just when Mo Fan was giving up, who would’ve known that the third layer was just in front of him!

This really was not wasting anything… No loss, no egg, he nearly died from that!

He was like a half-dead old man as he climbed onto the third layer. When he reached the third layer, the spiritual gravity instantly disappeared. In place of the pain was an entire eighty-fold elemental richness that he could feel within his elemental ocean. He greedily began to absorb it into his own Nebula.

It was a whole two hundred-fold cultivation speed, Heavens!

Mo Fan nearly went crazy. After getting to the third layer, his cultivation speed directly started to rise. Mo Fan’s best cultivation speed in the second layer was a hundred-fold for his Nebula, and this time, it had directly doubled!

A day was equivalent to 200 days, this was the equal of meditating for over half a year!

People said the road of cultivation was long and slow. That was indeed true. If you were cultivating under the condition that you didn’t use any resources or any aiding devices, then a normal person could spend his whole life cultivating, yet he would at most reach the Intermediate level, and be unable to take a step further. It was precisely these Heavenly treasures and rich resources that allowed a Magician to exploit their talent and take a step higher.

It had been seven days since he came to the Three Step Pagoda, and that itself was enough to equal cultivation in the outside world for more than several years!

This time, Mo Fan put his focus in cultivation on the Fire Element.

If he was to allocate it evenly amongst the four Elements, then it would be very hard for him to get one of them to rise to a higher level. However, now that he put all of his focus onto the Fire Element, it could very well break through to the next level.

Fiery Fist, Nine Palace!

It wouldn’t be long before he could reach the same domain as Ms. Tangyue. Although he didn’t know what kind of level she was at, he knew that he was at least one step closer to her.

A day was a very short period of time. Mo Fan wished he could keep staying in this place.

Unfortunately, the school had set the time at seven days. Not even a second longer was allowed. Every time the Three Step Pagoda opened required a large amount of energy. Thus, the school would firmly control this.

Mo Fan walked out of the Three Step Pagoda, his entire being comfortable.

It seemed that if you went even further up from the third layer, there would be an even higher domain. If he had another opportunity to come, he would definitely continue to challenge the space. The cultivation speed he obtained from there could truly make a person go crazy.

After walking out of the Main Campus, Mo Fan was on the way home. His phone suddenly started to ring.

“Mo Fan, you need to come home quickly,” Ai Tutu’s voice came from the phone.

“What happened?” Mo Fan asked, feeling confused.

“Eh…it’s like this, I am in Starbucks drinking coffee, and even ordered a lot of food to eat. I finished eating everything, and then realized that I forgot my wallet and my cards. Can you hurry here and help me pay, it’s not too far. It’s by Nanyu street,” Ai Tutu said urgently.

“Although I am pretty unsophisticated, I also know that Starbucks is like KFC; you have to pay to get the stuff first,” Mo Fan replied sincerely.

“Aaaaah, this place is just that strange. What can I do, either way, come here quickly!” Ai Tutu said, flustered at his reply.

Mo Fan was also pretty hungry. He was just planning on passing through the commercial area, so he did what Ai Tutu requested and walked over.

After walking to the entrance of the store she said she was at, Mo Fan could see Ai Tutu was was beneath the green parasol, wearing a cute cartoon T shirt. She looked as though she was looking around herself, as though she was waiting for a savior to arrive.

After she saw Mo Fan, Ai Tutu began to make noises like a nightingale. She immediately ran over as she intimately grabbed onto Mo Fan’s arm.

Heavens, Mo Fan was used to calling Ai Tutu a big milk rabbit. It was because her breasts were indeed extremely exaggerated. With her grabbing onto him like that, Mo Fan’s arms felt as though they sank into her pair of jade hares!

Getting this kind of intimate treatment after coming out of closed meditation caused Mo Fan’s nose to heat up, like something was gonna come out of it.

It’s just, Mo Fan didn’t enjoy it for long, as he could feel pairs of ice cold, angry gazes shooting toward him from a few people there.

The matter was indeed a little different from normal. This Ai Tutu must’ve attracted some big trouble, so she asked me to help her escape from it!

