Chapter 28: It's actually an S!

“How is it?” the Principal asked the three examiners.

Before the three examiners reported the emergence of the Dark Stone, Mu He said, “Oh, since there’s a problem, why don’t you let him do the test again. Director Wang, why don’t you go to the storage room and grab another Star Appraisal Stone. Although the Star Appraisal Stone is useful, it’s just a little fragile. After receiving interference of different energies, it’d start having problems. I’d really like to thank Mrs. Tangyue for finding out the problem with just a glance, you’re really covering up for our mistakes.”

This Mu He was really an old fox, he immediately covered up the matter. Thus, the three examiners were simply unable to report the actual problem.

Tangyue’s brow furrowed, she knew that this matter probably had something to do with Mu He.

If she were to make this matter public, the school directors would be quite difficult to deal with. After thinking it over, it would also affect the student's examinations, so it was better if she just left it alone.

“Alright, redo the test.”

“Redo the test!”

“Student Mo Fan, there were some small problems with the Star Appraisal Stone. The grade from before is invalid, we will give you one more chance to redo the examination.” The bald examiner held onto a straw of hope as he quickly said this.

Mo Fan looked at these people as though he was looking at a group of clowns. You want to play? Keep on playing, this Father, I, am waiting!

“Great, go take the test again. At most, you’ll receive a D, how could you receive a B? Third Brother, we can once again leave the school in a natural manner,” Lu Xiaobing said with excitement.

The heavens didn’t turn his back on I, Lu Xiaobing. I’m so thankful that Mrs. Tangyue discovered the problem. Just like I said, how could Mo Fan, a person who has even worse luck than me, have his luck turned over?

“Mrs. Tangyue, why did you even bother? Giving the student another chance isn’t necessarily a good thing.” Xue Musheng didn’t know whether to cry or laugh as he said this to Tangyue.

So it really was the Star Appraisal Stone malfunctioning, this made Xue Musheng feel bad.

What should be happening was really coming at last. The penalty that no one had received in three years was finally going to land on a student in his own class!

“Haha, how could I, Huang Feifeng possibly be at the very bottom. Mrs. Tangyue, you are a hero, I really admire you,” Huang Feifeng said, as if he was relieved of a burden.

On the other side, Mu Bai’s dog of a henchmen was also extremely happy.

Almost scared the hell out of me, I really thought this dreg was making a comeback. Even I, Zhao Kunsan, have only gotten a B!

“Good, good, Mu Bai, this broken Star Appraisal Stone almost secured the kid’s entrance. I’ve come to realize that Mrs. Tangyue is increasingly more like the lover of my dreams.” Zhao Kunsan wiped the cold sweat off himself as he continued, “Oh, Mu Bai, why do you still have such a long face? Didn’t they say that he only received a B due to the malfunction of the Star Appraisal Stone? Don’t worry, he will definitely get out of here.”

“Could you shut up, you’re annoying!” Mu Bai snapped, as his mood was exceedingly bad.

Zhao Kunsan withdrew. He didn’t know how he had offended his master.

……

The examination of the other classes had basically ended. Due to the examination of the eighth class having some problems, many of the people began to gather around them, including the top students of the other classes.

At this time, Mo Fan accidentally became the focus point of everyone.

“Alright, Mo Fan, you may redo your exam. Mrs. Tangyue, you’ve also inspected it, there shouldn’t be any problems this time right?” the bald examiner asked with a flattering smile.

“No, there isn’t,” Mrs. Tangyue replied. Her dark eyes might have scorched his face for all the friendliness in them.

Mo Fan once again stood in front of the Star Appraisal Stone. This time, he didn’t feel a cold air coming off of it.

It really was Mu Bai’s fault!

Mo Fan humphed coldly. Thankfully, the sexiest and most enchanting Mrs. Tangyue discovered this so early, or else Mo Fan would appear to be lower than a piece of poop in front of the school directors!

Mo Fan closed his eyes and placed his hands on top of the Star Appraisal Stone. The cold Star Appraisal Stone quickly turned warm from the circulation of Mo Fan’s Stardust energy.

The radiance began to intensify, and the scarlet radiance looked as though it was burning from within. The radiance this time didn’t suffer from any kind of suppression as it was released. It spread around the Star Appraisal Stone, and it even began to leak out of it!

“This…this radiance!!!”

The first one to reveal an incredibly surprised face was precisely Mu Zhuoyun. The Principal, Vice-Principal, the Disciplinary teachers, and the School Directors also widened their eyes.

“The radiance is flowing out!” The homeroom teacher, Xue Musheng was thoroughly flabbergasted. After being a teacher for so many years, how could he not see the meaning behind the overflowing radiance?

In this entire school, only Mu Bai had achieved the state of overflowing radiance. It was not just because the flames were already relatively bright, but the overflowing of the Fire radiance was even a bit stronger than Mu Bai’s Ice radiance!

Damn!!!

The surrounding students from other classes, and the students from the eight class were all trampled to near death by the word ‘Damn!’ in their hearts.

Overflowing radiance, this really is overflowing radiance!

A student who was considered a weak-minded dreg had actually achieved the state of overflowing radiance!!

“S…S？”

“It’s S…it really seems to be S.”

“How about...how about we inspect it once more?”

Crazy. The bald headed Director Wang and the other two examiners had gone crazy. The classmates who thought that Mo Fan would get swept out of the school had also gone crazy.

Shit, this is the real malfunctioning of the Star Appraisal Stone. How could that guy’s cultivation be at this kind of level??

“It’s an illusion, it must be an illusion!”

“I refuse to believe it, I REFUSE to believe it!!” The water element student Xiaobing was wailing like a ghost.

What happened to us leaving the school together??

Let’s forget about the fact that you didn’t honor your title as a failure of a student, but you even became a Divine student. This time there will be no one who will stop me in my way, this daddy, I will jump into the river. If Mo Fan can become a Divine student, then I, a Water elemental Magician probably can drown to death?!

The normally expressionless Mu Ningxue was completely showing her emotions at this time. That’s right, not even she imagined that the final result would be like this!

For a person like Mo Fan that didn’t have any particularly special talent, or a family property, receiving a B was already quite normal.

However, he achieved overflowing radiance, the overflowing radiance of the Fire element. That was already one level ahead of Mu Bai, who had received resources from his family.

For some reason, Mu Ningxue’s heart bloomed with a sunshine that was like the overflowing radiance coming from the Fire element.

“That really causes one to feel extremely shocked. I almost missed out on an even more remarkable student,” a school director exclaimed in admiration after seeing this event.

“That’s right. I don’t dare to imagine what kind of disaster would be brought over if we were to only give him a B while also causing our school to lose out on such a prominent Magician.”

“Better late than never! Mrs. Tangyue, we are really grateful to your ability to spot details!”

As Mrs. Tangyue saw the School directors flattering her, she only returned a small smile. The truth was, even Tangyue herself was extremely surprised.

All this time, she had been thinking that the most outstanding Fire elemental student in her class was Zhoumin. But to everyone’s surprise, this Mo Fan was even more remarkable. The most important thing was that he had always been calmly cultivating, not having the need to compete nor laying himself bare to others. This kind of temperament was very suitable for becoming a Magician.





Tofu

RED

