Chapter 26: What happened to the trust?

“Ice Spread!”

Without stopping or hesitation, Mu Bai yelled this in a rush, demonstrating all of his hard work.

His pupils changed. After he finished his Magic activation, those watching suddenly realized there was a layer of frost spreading on the body of the puppet.

The ice quickly covered its body, and the puppet now looked as though it was painted in a layer of ice lacquer. It was rather astonishing.

The stabbingly cold air pervaded the entire exam grounds.

Creak~

The Ice Spread didn’t stop after it covered the entire puppet, it even began to spread onto the floor of the exam grounds.

The other classes also had Ice element students who had taken the activation exam. Clearly their Ice Spreads weren’t as imposing as Mu Bai’s!

The other students felt intimidated and took a step back, feeling like the ice was about to spread to where they stood.

The directors and examiners were calm. However, their eyes flashed with praise.

This was the equivalent of a proficient Ice element skill, it had reached the standard of a member of the Magic Association.

This was actually set up for older students by the Magic Association. A student who only awakened an year ago capable of utilizing the Ice element skill to a proficient level was something extremely rare to come across.

“Not bad.” Mu Zhuoyun still gave the same evaluation.

Mu Bai didn’t know whether he had entered Mu Zhuoyun’s eyes. With his heart feeling nervous, he shifted his gaze toward Mu Ningxue.

As he looked at her, Mu Bai felt as though an arrow had pierced through his heart. It was because his most beloved Mu Ningxue hadn’t taken a look at him from the start. Instead, her gaze had always been attentively watching a certain person in his class.

Mu Bai took this opportunity and looked for the person she was looking at, and he felt another arrow piercing his heart.

Mo Fan!!

She’s looking at Mo Fan!

Scoundrel, SCOUNDREL!

Why is she looking at him again!!

What is there to look at in a guy who is almost covered in trash? Why aren’t you looking at my remarkable display of skill?!

Mu Bai’s nervous face was almost completely distorted.

On the most important event of his life, all he wished for was to get Mu Ningxue’s attention. But in the end, she still ended up looking toward that little hooligan. That little hooligan was only a clown that existed to entertain the princess, what’s there to see in a clown? When you’re done laughing, move on, why are you still wasting your precious attention on him?

“I will make you suffer immensely!” Mu Bai’s face was exceedingly gloomy. He carried a heavy resentment as he left the exam grounds.

“Your marks are extremely outstanding. Your stardust is S, and your activation is of B grade!” the examiner gave him his final results

Even the top students would only receive a C grade or a D grade on the Activation test. The only other person who have received a B was that Lightning element user, Xu Zhaoting!

With a grade like this, he deserved the title of the number one in school.

……

“Next, Mo Fan!”

As people were admiring Mu Bai magnificently seizing the crown, it was finally Mo Fan’s turn.

The truth is, Mo Fan felt like something was strange.

Why did it have to be me after that Green Tea Man? Did they scheme this?

Mo Fan refused to believe that there was such a coincidental thing in this world.

However, it didn’t matter. If one needed sleep, one should sleep. Different situations called for different measures. If you don’t do anything, then there’ll be no clear sky.

……

“Are you alright?” Mu He whispered as he watched Mu Bai walking over.

“I did what you told me to,” Mu Bai seemed like a scheming woman as he replied sinisterly.

“I’m doing this for the good of Mo Jiaxing. By directly sweeping his son out of here, I’ll save him the trouble as a parent tirelessly worrying about him. His son wasn’t someone who was suited to study magic from the beginning, yet, he still had to force his way in,” Mu He said.

Mu He and Mu Bai naturally had ways to deal with Mo Fan.

Before the examination, Mu He had used his powers as the school director to carefully scheme something.

The bald examiner was one of Mu He’s people. Thus, the order of the examinees was something Mu He had arranged.

As soon as Mu Bai finished his exams, it became Mo Fan’s turn. After Mo Fan finished his examination, it would be the time for resting and announcement of grades. Thus, within this short break, one could secretly pull a trick. For example, when Mu Bai had placed his hand on the Star Appraisal Stone, he could slip in a Black Stone into it.

The effects of the Black Stone were very simple. When the Star Appraisal Stone was emitting its radiance, the Black Stone was capable of absorbing a part of the energy, causing the Star Appraisal Stone’s radiance to dim by a lot.

So if Mo Fan was barely able to reach the C grade, then this tiny Black Stone the size of a grain could lower Mo Fan’s grades to a solid D.

Either way, he’s just trash. Who cares if we make him look like complete and utter trash? There really was no need for the school to waste its resources on a person like that, expelling him from the school benefitted not only the school, but also his family.

Mu Bai had already smiled so much that his face seemed completely distorted.

How are you, Mo Fan, going to avoid losing all of your face this time?

……

“Mo Fan, that sounds familiar.” At this time, Mu Zhuoyun slowly opened his mouth.

“Big Brother, he is the son of Madam’s driver,” Mu He reminded Mu Zhuoyun.

At that moment, the Mu Zhuoyun whose eyes that seemed like ice and snow this entire time suddenly began to turn.

In truth, he had already taken notice of Mo Fan. It’s just he was in doubt. How come the second he got here, it was Mu Bai’s and Mo Fan’s examinations?

Mu Zhuoyun took glance at Mu Ningxue to his side.

Mu Ningxue quickly recovered her tranquil manner, acting as though she was looking at the mediocre students from before, without any fluctuation to her emotions.

Mu Zhuoyun’s eyes gave rise to some satisfaction.

A kid will always have a time where they are rebellious. Once they grow up, they will no longer be that childish.

“Let’s watch then. He also counts as one of our Mu Family, at least, he was.” Mu Zhuoyun’s manner of speaking was indifferent as he said this.

Mu Zhuoyun was also very clear on the fact that a driver’s son was incapable of being any good, thus, letting Mu Ningxue watch was also beneficial. This kind of person was common within the small Bo City, they would leave our world sooner or later. Mu Zhuoyun didn’t want this kid, Mo Fan, to remain a scar within the heart of his precious daughter.

……

On the other side, Mo Fan didn’t listen to what these people were talking about.

He had already walked to the front of the Star Appraisal Stone, and just like the people before him, he placed his hand on the Star Appraisal Stone.

“To be honest, I’m really thankful that he is here. He can save me from setting the standards lower, this way, I won’t be too miserable,” a failure of a student said.

“Third Brother, I also got a D. Don’t worry, we can leave the campus together in a natural manner.” said his classmate, Xiao Bing, who was a Water Element from the same dorm.

“Whether he can receive a D is hard to say.”

“Yeah, he probably didn’t make any progress on his cultivation.”

In the same class, Zhoumin, who also possessed the Fire Element, was attentively watching Mo Fan.

She wanted to know whether he studied or not. A person who clearly had a higher talent in the Fire Element than her being expelled from the school, this made even Zhoumin feel it was somewhat a pity. At same time, she couldn’t help but loathe Mo Fan, a person who didn’t put effort into improving himself.

“There’s light, there’s light coming…..”

“The radiance seems really weak, it feels like it’s even weaker than a D grade.”

On the Star Appraisal Stone, the radiance felt extremely bashful. It was simply unable to escape from the inside of the Star Appraisal Stone.

However, the radiance on the inside had a relatively strong light. It seemed as if the light was being concealed by a shadow; simply unable to escape from the inside.

“Shit, something isn’t right.”

“That light….it doesn’t seem to be a D!”

“Really? Grade C??” The dorm mate, Xiao Bing looked at it in astonishment. He seemed unable to believe that Mo Fan was actually able to cause a C grade Fire Element radiance to appear on the Star Appraisal Stone.

We said that we would leave the school in a natural manner, but you receiving grade C would barely meet the qualifications.

What about the trust from one failure to another failure?





Tofu

RED

