Chapter 12: Lightning Force, Lightning Strike!

Chapter 12: Lightning Force, Lightning Strike!

Translator: GravityTales Editor: GravityTales

“Speaking of which, Xu Bing, aren’t your preferences a bit too much? This girl does indeed look good, however…. Being able to do _that_ is a bit hard to say.”

“I think so, too.”

“In this all-girl school, there are numerous of pretty girls. The people are dumb but they have money; just threaten them a bit and they’ll cave in. Why would you go through so much trouble for just this one girl?….”

“What do you know? It’s is called having good taste.” Xu Bing viciously glared at the group of people.

While he was starting to feel dissatisfied with the terrible taste of this group of boys, Xu Bing raised his head and saw a young man wearing a black t-shirt, walking toward the pavilion with a cold aura surrounding him.

_Eh? This guy seems familiar._

_Crap, speak of the devil, isn’t this the brother next door to the girl?_

_This guy, I’ve been wanting to deal with him for the longest time for obstructing me from trying to hit on this girl. Who would’ve thought that you’d come to me by yourself? It just happens that there are quite a few of my brothers here today; we’ll just let you have a taste of getting beaten and we’ll see if you dare to stand up again in the future!_

“Brothers, grab your weapons!” Xu Bing stood, his gaze interlocked with Mo Fan’s cold eyes.

The man with cowboy adornment, the young man with a cigarette hanging from his mouth, the man with the headphones, and the man wearing the jacket immediately stood up as they all looked to their side…

“Bro, we didn’t bring weapons,” The cigarette man moved closer to Xu Bing’s ear as he faintly whispered.

“What the heck? Do you need weapons to deal with this thing? Beat him up real good. Per the instruction of Brother Zhao Kunsan, if we beat him up then it’s on him!” Xu Bing slapped the talkative brothers on their forehead with his palm as he responded enraged.

The man with the cigarette felt wronged. _You were the one who said to grab the weapons…it seems like it’s just a wordplay._

“Since it’s something Brother Zhao Kunsan has instructed before…..” The man with the jacket removed his jacket as he chuckled, revealing his white tank top and bustling muscles!

Mo Fan looked attentively at the five trash from Azura Bear Gang with a gaze that felt as though he was looking at a domesticated animal.

……

“Hmph, kid, let put it like this; my interest in a girl like your sister is practically the luckiest thing in her life. Do you think anyone else is like me, Xu Bing, who doesn’t care that she’s a… a….cripple? There’s no reason for a cripple to act like a Goddess; if there’s anyone who wants her, then you should burn the money and thank Buddha[1]!!” Xu Bing pointed at Mo Fan as he revealed his true intentions.

Xu Bing’s patience had run out after all these years.

_Look at me, Xu Bing; I have the looks and the strength._ Within the Guangchi District, he was quite the character. _If Ye Xinxia were to follow me, she would be able to live well whether she has it good or bad and she’d always have minions at her service._

“The point is, learn to appreciate favors!”

“Now, obediently call me brother-in-law. Seeing how we’re going to be a family, we will be gentle with you. This way, we can tell Zhao Kunsan and Mu Bai we beat you up. If you’re still resisting, then we’ll break your legs so you can be a cripple along with your sister!” the muscular man with a white tank top commanded.

After hearing this, Mo Fan’s chest began heaving violently.

He glanced at the pavilion.

In the middle of the pavilion, there was a lone wheelchair with poker cards on top of the seat.

Originally, Mo Fan was extremely angry from seeing these dregs using Ye Xinxia’s wheelchair as a table for playing poker. However, now that he had heard these humiliating insults from Xu Bing, Mo Fan felt as though his chest was about to explode.

_A cripple?_

A _cripple_?????

_I, Mo Fan, have pledged a vow. If someone were to ever say this kind of stuff to Ye Xinxia, then I will make sure they will regret being reincarnated as a human!_

“Stop wasting time with this kid; go beat him up!”

“I, alone, am enough to deal with him, brothers; you just stand to the side and watch.” The muscular man in white tank top began cracking his fist.

Mo Fan looked at them with extremely icy eyes.

However, as they were messing around here, they didn’t notice one thing. He was forging a vicious purple colored lightning path within his eyes. The Star Path contained a tremendous Lightning Force that was about to erupt like a volcano under Mo Fan’s rage.

“Do you really think I’m still the same Mo Fan who you can take advantage of?”

A restless force began to tremble in the atmosphere around Mo Fan. It was like fully armed soldiers who were waiting for the commands from their General!

“You, who isn’t even on the same level as a domesticated animal, are just in time to taste the flavor of Lightning!”

The moment the angry voice transmitted from his throat, the seven stars formed and became a Star Path, causing the power from the Lightning star dust to gather within Mo Fan’s right arm!

“Bzzt~~~~”

An astonishing arc of Lightning sparked across Mo Fan’s body like a python. In the next second, the restless Lightning in the atmosphere began to assemble within Mo Fan’s right arm, emitting an ear-piercing noise!

“Heavens!!!!”

“What is that???”

“Why is there lightning crackling around his body?!”

“This kid…..Heavens, he’s a Mage!!” Among these people, Xu Bing was the one who had seen the most of the outside world; “Mage” was said in certainty.

This group was certainly famous ruffians within the Guangchi District, and yet, ruffians still relied on punches and kicks. In front of a real Magician, they weren’t even enough to be called dregs.

“How could he be a Mage!!”

Xu Bing and the group of people were exceedingly scared by the incredibly shocking scene in front of them.

In their perspective, if one could leave a mark after punching a tree, then one would have an incredible existence within the ruffians. However, they have never met someone whose body was enshrouded by a crackling Lightning arcs. Everything within the circumference of a few meters looked just like a destroyed high voltage area. Incorporeal power pressured them, causing their entire bodies to feel numb!

“Lightning Force, Lightning Strike!”

All the invocations were complete. This time, Mo Fan was genuinely using the Primary rank skill, Lightning Strike!

He suddenly raised his arm with his palm, facing the sky.

All the trembling Lightning arcs in the surroundings emitted a sharp sound. They were just like a group of elemental warriors in a purple colored armor who had just received a command as they suddenly unsheathed their weapons!

“Annihilate them!” With the unfathomable rage, Mo Fan relied on a feeling to control the Lightning Force that heeded his commands.

He ferociously gripped his fist!

An arc-like Lightning element emerged and shot toward Xu Bing, who was standing at the very front, as well as towards the muscular man’s location.

The Lightning arc came forth from the high altitude. Every strike was like a whip filled with immense power, whipping Xu Bing and the muscular man to the floor. While at the same time, it left behind strands of marks as it continued to whip them on the floor.

“Pshhhttt~~~~”

Xu Bing, as well as the muscular man, was beaten down to the floor. Just a while ago, they were still putting on airs but now, in the moment the Lightning Strike fell on them, flesh lacerated from their back, skin burning to a crisp.

They wanted to scream out in pain, but not a sound came from them. The Lightning Strike’s strands of power were like small pythons, scurrying around their body. Every time it scurried, one could see Xu Bing and the muscular man twitch in pain.

“Pudong!!” After feeling this dreadful power, the man with the cigarette was so frightened that he began to kneel on the floor. His body unconsciously began to tremble!

The man in the cowboy adornment was completely dumbstruck; it was as though he was turned into a statue.

Although the man with headphones was just standing there, without getting hit by the Lightning Strike, his jeans were completely soaked. It even started dripping down on his shoes!

* * *

Translator: Tofu

Editor: FluffyGoblyn

* * *

[1] In Buddhism, you burn fake paper money to thank buddha for the luck or anything god.

*[advantage]: by having their erection in contact with her

*[ cent bills]: China has cents in bills called jiao

*[Guoshu]: Guo here means country and shu means technique

*[ 190 centimeters]: Over 6ft tall

*[Lake Cui]: Cui Hu, also means Green Lake

*[hundred dyuan bills]: 100yuan is their biggest bill

*[Daoist Fierce Tiger]: The author of this novel

*[Noodles]: made of wheat

*[Rice Noodles]: made of rice

*[Zhang Tian Tian]: Tian means sweet

*[Bajiquan]: Also known as Eight Extremities Fist, but Bajiquan sounds nicer to me

*[Long Taos]: side characters in Chinese operas who perform acrobatics and fight scenes

*[12.47 to 13.07]: don’t ask me about the tree sap

