Chapter 18: Teammates are important

.

.

.

Mrs. Tangyue’s perceptive eyes fell on Mo Fan’s body. While she was probing Mo Fan’s aura, her lips couldn’t help but open up.

“Mo Fan, you sure have the guts to stand up. A school semester has gone by, yet you haven’t been able to control a single Fire element star. Your star is still dark, so much so that you can’t even see it yet; don’t try to act like you’re something!” Zhao Kunsan immediately said.

There was a test during the end of the last semester. This test was to check the tempo of the student’s cultivation. There were definitely no accidents occurring; Mo Fan’s star dust wasn’t any different from when he first awakened it. The entire class knew this, and that totally did not cause Zhao Kunsan and Mu Bai laughter!

If you’re an idiot, then you’re an idiot. So what if he awakened the Fire element? He would never become a Mage in his entire lifetime.

“Your talent in the Fire element is very good, so how come your cultivation is so low? Mo Fan, there are numerous people who wish to become a Fire Magician, and you already have an advantage which many people don’t. You must put in the effort.” Mrs. Tangyue looked at Mo Fan as she said in pity.

“I understand, Mrs. Tangyue.” Mo Fan nodded.

After going through meditation, a Magician’s Spiritual Force would become powerful. Its power would reach the point where they were able to perceive details which normal people couldn’t. They would also be able to perceive the aura of another Mage.

Through the aura’s intensity, one could roughly determine a Magician’s cultivation level.

Mo Fan knew from the start it wasn’t possible to hide his cultivation.

However, there was this one thing. If Mo Fan were to conceal the power of the Lightning element and only reveal the aura of the Fire element, then others would only be able to sense the Fire element’s aura. Thus, they were only able to determine the Fire element’s cultivation level while being unable to sense the other element.

That was why Mo Fan could normally just use the Fire element to fool other people!

“The second I wanted to focus on the Fire element, an amazing Fire element teacher suddenly appeared at my door. It seems like there’s hope for me to complete the activation of the primary skill, Fire Burst, before the big examination.” Mo Fan’s confidence immediately increased.

Eh?

Why is this woman looking at me with an odd expression?

It seems like she’s called Zhoumin, the top student in the class and also a Fire element user.

Mo Fan was puzzled. I don’t think I’ve ever offended this girl, Zhoumin, so why is she looking at me with such a hostile gaze?

On the other side, Zhou Min brows creased. Seeing the study wreck called Mo Fan looking at her, she immediately and ferociously glared at him.

Zhoumin was unhappy, extremely unhappy.

What qualifications does Mo Fan have to possess a better talent in Fire element than me?

The homeroom teacher, Xue Musheng, once said Mo Fan’s talent in Fire element was the best in the entire class. During the awakening, the flames were very clear, and now, this extremely amazing Mrs. Tangyue also commented on how his talent was good.

Forget it, there’s no need to get angry over this kind of study wreck. Either way, when the annual examination comes and he doesn’t meet the qualifications, he’ll be asked to leave school. This guy will have one last half year of leisure.

I just really don’t understand. It’s obvious that his family situation isn’t good, they sacrificed everything just so he could enter the Tian Lan Magic High. Yet, after awakening the Fire element, he’s decadent and lazy; how is he able to face his family? Did a dog eat his consciousness?

Thanks to Zhao Kunsan and Mu Bai, the entire class basically knew that Mo Fan was squeezed into the class.

“Your homeroom teacher has already spoken to me about the importance of the Annual Examination. First, if you don’t meet the requirements, then you’ll be asked to leave the school. Second, they’ll divide you into different classes based on your grades. If you’re placed in the Elite class, then you’ll obtain certain benefits that will give you an advantage on the Magic University’s exams. Thus, this school semester, everyone should have no reason to not put in their utmost effort,” Mrs. Tangyue said to everyone.

“Mrs. Tangyue, will you be teaching the Elite class?” A male student asked.

“Yeah, if everything goes according to the plans, I will be assigned to be the Practical Magic teacher for the Elite class after I’ve finished teaching you,” Tangyue slightly nodded her head.

“Teacher, I, Yangguo...oh, I, Huang Feifeng will definitely do my best!”

“Mrs. Tangyue, I want to follow you in the future as well.”

Tangyue maintained a gentle smile as she could tell that her first class today was pretty successful. The student’s passion for studying has been lifted.

“Oh right, when any of you are able to control seven stars, then you can come and find me in private. I will take some time off of my schedule to teach you some more,” Tangyue continued.

Clamor!

A wolf howl suddenly resounded from the class.

Seven stars, it suddenly became the striving objective for everyone.

“I’m not too far from seven stars, Mrs. Tangyue, wait for me…”

“Are you for real? How many can you control?”

“Two.”

“Get lost!”

“I can do 3, that’s better than you dregs!” Huang Feifeng said with his face filled with pride.

“Three stars and you still have the face to stand here and act arrogant. I’m almost at 4; don’t you know that it gets harder as you progress?” Xu Qinglin asked in disdain.

“That’s funny, real funny. You groups of wastes, Mu Bai is already in control of five stars. In the next semester, he could spend three days fishing and two days browsing the internet and he’s still able to reach seven stars. The first one to work with Mrs. Tangyue will definitely be Mu Bai.” Zhao Kunsan immediately said in ridicule.

“Shit, Mu Bai is that amazing?”

“Five….five stars, how did he cultivate like that? That’s too amazing!”

“I heard that the most amazing student in the school, the 7th class’s Lightning student, has only been able to control five as well.”

Feeling the discussion surrounding him, Mu Bai felt his entire being beginning to float.

However, in order to show his mature and collected temperament, Mu Bai wouldn’t expose his approval for the compliments towards him. That would just make him look like a complete douche.

This guy, Zhao Kunsan, he was a little stupid, and he was not reliable when it came to doing things. However, there was one thing that was very good about him; when the Master wants attention, yet can’t display it, Zhao Kunsan would jump in with the right timing.

It’s not like I can personally jump out and say “This daddy can already control five” every time someone is discussing three or two stars and then get shocked by four stars. That’d be cheap, too cheap; it doesn’t conform with the temperament of being the young master of my family. If we put it in Zhao Kunsan’s words; It fits perfectly well.

This way he could show everyone he was amazing, and not diminish his manners!

Life is like playing League of Legends; not only do you have to be good at it, it is also very important for teammates to know how to conform to you!





Tofu

FluffyGoblyn

