Chapter 21: Arriving at School, Mu Ningxue

Chapter 21: Arriving at School, Mu Ningxue

Translator: GravityTales Editor: GravityTales

In the student dorms…

“Brother Fan, we should go; it’s the annual examination. It’d be bad if we’re late,” Zhang Xiaohou urged Mo Fan

“You go first; I’ll practice Control for a bit longer,” Mo Fan replied.

“Making a last-minute effort, huh?”

The few people in the dorm didn’t wait for Mo Fan; they posed as they went to the examination.

The examination wasn’t writing on a paper in the classroom. Although they did have examinations on Magic Theory, the points acquired from it weren’t much. The most important thing was the annual practical examination.

Frankly, it was just assessing the student’s cultivation state after a year and once more distributing them into classes.

Mo Fan was the last to arrive at the training grounds. On normal days, everyone would be here to attend their Practical classes, but today, it was clear the grounds were set up differently. Other than the examiners’ table that was placed in a half arc, there was also a floating Star Appraisal Stone.

The Star Appraisal Stone looked a little similar to a black cobblestone the size of a watermelon. At the moment, it was placed in the very front of the training grounds with the help of a stone pillar.

The Star Appraisal Stone was the most important apparatus for the examination for the students.

The annual examination was really simple, just like the Opening Ceremony’s Awakening. The students only needed to place their hands on this massive Star Appraisal Stone, and the examiners would be able to determine the students’ cultivation from the past year from the light emitted by the Star Appraisal Stone.

It was like high school exams; a paper might determine the students’ fate. This world also had the same quota; either you continued studying and obtained a good opportunity in life, or you packed your things up and found a different path.

“Remember what I’ve told you before; the radiance intensity from the stardust represents the power of the magic capabilities within the stardust. Students of the eighth class, the time for you to showcase the efforts of this year has come; release the lights of your stardust!” the homeroom teacher, Xue Musheng’s face was filled with passion.

“Mr. Xue, I’m sorry; I may be expelled from the school,” A seemingly weak girl said with her face filled with tears. Her nervous and worried little appearance attracted the pity from the surrounding classmates.

“How could that be? You’ve always done your best. Don’t be so pessimistic.”

“But I’m stupid. Even if I were to do my best in cultivating every day, my stardust still seems so weak,” The girl named Zuo Heyu said.

“Hey, don’t be afraid; even if you don’t meet the requirement, there’s still me. As long as there’s a Mage in the family then we’ll be fine,” the dorm head of Mo Fan’s dorm, Lu Jianhua, patted his chest as he spoke to Heyu.

“Stop talking crap; you don’t even know if you’ll get kicked out yourself!”

“Are you joking? Wait till this daddy places my hands on it; the radiance will blind your titanium alloyed dog eyes!” Lu Jianhua said with pride and arrogance.

Soon enough, three examiners from the school finally arrived at the grounds.

The examiners were disciplinary teachers; the students were normally really scared of them.

“Alright, silence! The annual examination will be observed by a few school supervisors this time; we hope you will display the essence of a Mage today!” Xue Musheng reminded the students.

The examiners were to assess the thirty classes of freshmen. The 1500 people who wore the uniform of Tian Lan Magic High gave off a certain aura; it was a magnificent sight as they stood on the training grounds. They were arranged like blocks.

Before the assessment, naturally, the principal gave a speech. It was like this every year.

Following this, it was the school supervisors’ turn to express themselves.

When Mu He stepped onto the platform and passionately painted the beautiful picture of a Magicians future for the students, Mo Fan, who was among the crowd of people, couldn’t help but to give a cold smile.

His speech was filled with the lifetime expectations of the young students. However, Mo Fan was very clear on Mu He’s morals and integrity.

“Today is an extremely special day.”

“That is because we have invited the most distinguished female Magician of the Bo City. When she was 15 years old, the Empire Magic Institute made an exception and recruited her. I’m sure many of you have already heard of her legacy…That’s right; she is Mu Ningxue! Please, let us all warmly welcome her, who should be the same year as you but is a Magic Genius who has already been promoted to university!” Mu He said loudly.

As this was said, the entire a thousand or so people suddenly caused an uproar.

“Heavens, it’s Mu Ningxue! I heard when she awakened the Ice Element, the power from it directly caused the grounds to freeze into ice blocks.”

“Those are just rumors; I hold the most accurate info. I heard she only needed eight months to learn the primary skill of Ice element, Ice Scatter.”

“Eight….eight months?! Heavens, I’ve already been in school for a year, and I have only been able to control five stars! How can the differences between people be so big?!”

“These aren’t even the important points, alright….the most important point is, she’s also a beauty! She’s good looking and talented; she’s the pride of Bo City!”

In just a moment, the students of the school began to discuss this. From everyone’s reaction, one could tell they were not unfamiliar with Mu Ningxue.

They never imagined on the annual examination today; they would meet the legendary Magic Genius!

“Brother Fan, brother Fan, it’s Little Princess; it really is her! She actually came to our school.” Zhang Xiaohou was so excited he began to pull the sleeves of Mo Fan next to him.

Mo Fan raised his head and gazed toward the platform. He had truly seen a beautiful figure quietly standing there like a proud lotus in the snow. The snow white, skin-tight dress caused her impressive body disposition to appear increasingly more detailed.

What really attracted the people’s attention wasn’t the girl’s fascinating body that emitted a sexual charm, but the stunning and long, peerless silver hair.

Although the weather was warm and dry, the girl standing proudly on the platform was as like a Snow Fairy who wandered through the snow mountain before stepping onto the secular world. She was undoubtedly beautiful!

As the students and teachers saw this girl step up; they were all silently shocked.

They’ve heard stories of Mu Ningxue many times, but they had never seen her before. Who would’ve thought her entire being was an ice fairy in a girl form, whether it was her temperament, attire or her inherent graceful, silver, long hair.

This is Mu Ningxue?

Even her bones were emitting a noble pride.

Even Mo Fan himself thought he saw a goddess. This most likely was the first time he saw Mu Ningxue after that thing happened; it had been about three years or so?

In the past, the group of children liked calling her Little Princess, and she was a princess in everyone’s heart. She lived in the castle in the mountains, wearing clothes and accessories that were prettier than normal girls by so many times, as well as her enchantingly cute appearance…

However, after three years, Mo Fan felt like he couldn’t recognize her at all.

Her change was colossal.

The originally cheerful and approachable Mu Ningxue, in her prime, gave people an unapproachable feeling.

Was it because her temperament had changed, or was it due to her growth throughout the years? Or perhaps it was the colossal difference in status giving rise to the thoughts in his mind?

“Brother Fan, you should’ve eloped with Little Princess back then…..” Zhang Xiaohou looked at the manifestly superior Mu Ningxue as he exclaimed this.

“Did you hit the toilet door so hard you became stupid?”

“Eh, I said that without thinking it through.”

* * *

Translator: Tofu

Editor: FluffyGoblyn

*[advantage]: by having their erection in contact with her

*[ cent bills]: China has cents in bills called jiao

*[Guoshu]: Guo here means country and shu means technique

*[ 190 centimeters]: Over 6ft tall

*[Lake Cui]: Cui Hu, also means Green Lake

*[hundred dyuan bills]: 100yuan is their biggest bill

*[Daoist Fierce Tiger]: The author of this novel

*[Noodles]: made of wheat

*[Rice Noodles]: made of rice

*[Zhang Tian Tian]: Tian means sweet

*[Bajiquan]: Also known as Eight Extremities Fist, but Bajiquan sounds nicer to me

*[Long Taos]: side characters in Chinese operas who perform acrobatics and fight scenes

*[12.47 to 13.07]: don’t ask me about the tree sap

