Chapter 65: Brother Wolf, We Came in Peace, We Leave in Peace?

Chapter 65: Brother Wolf, We Came in Peace, We Leave in Peace?

Translator: GravityTales Editor: GravityTales

“This place has many vagrants living here. They wouldn’t be integrated into the population data recorded by the police. This One-eyed Magic Wolf is so sly. It hides in the abolished construction site, and then uses those wanderers that no one takes notice of as food. If I hadn’t found this, then who knows how many people would have become its rations,” Mo Fan coldly snorted.

Zhoumin was already scared to the point where she couldn’t talk. Originally, she had come here with the attitude of finding the source of the problem, but she didn’t expect to encounter a Magical Beast that ate people. Even if Bo City had nearly a million people, there were people dying everyday. That, however, did not mean that living people were being eaten by a Magical Beast that hid in a place like this. Dreadful, this whole thing was too dreadful!

“Speaking of which, Zhoumin, don’t you feel like this One-eyed Magic Wolf is different from the ones our teacher described?” Mo Fan commented as he looked at the dreadful animal from afar.

How could Zhoumin possibly have the mood to think about this question? At the moment, she was thinking about how to escape this construction site without being discovered, and then immediately notifying the Hunter’s Union of this scary information.

“Its physique is at least twice as big as the one our teacher described. This is not your common One-eyed Magic Wolf,” Mo Fan continued.

Zhoumin almost went crazy.

_Let’s think of a way to escape this place first, alright? How can Mo Fan’s courage be at this level!?_

Mo Fan himself very quickly realized that Zhoumin was only an arrogant girl while in school. When faced with a horror scene such as this, she lost her will to investigate.

“You can leave this place first and call the City Hunter Team’s hotline. While you’re at it, have the police move the residents and wanderers in this area away,” Mo Fan told Zhoumin.

“What about you?” Zhoumin asked.

“I’ll stay here and watch over it,” Mo Fan replied.

Zhoumin looked at Mo Fan with the gaze of someone who had seen a monster.

_We are both third-year high school students, but why doesn’t this guy have any reaction after seeing this? Normal people would be so scared that they’d pee their pants!_

After carefully thinking about it, Zhoumin suddenly realized that this abnormal Mo Fan had killed a Spirit Wolf once before; it seemed like Magical Beasts didn’t frighten him much.

_A freak, he’s a freak._

“I… I already notified them,” Zhoumin whispered, somewhat proud of herself for taking the initiative.

Mo Fan was confused as he asked without thinking, “How did you notify… Oh, shit!”

Within a heartbeat, Mo Fan realized the trouble he was in.

“Hnng~!”

Inside the not-so-distant building, the One-eyed Magic Wolf busy having its meal slowly turned its head around. The lantern-like eye locked onto Zhoumin and Mo Fan’s location.

In a split second, the atmosphere froze.

Despite hiding behind a brick wall, Mo Fan and Zhoumin could still feel the bone-chilling killing intent released from the savage One-eyed Magic Wolf.

An evening wind came through, carrying a dense smell of blood as it blew right into the faces of Mo Fan and Zhoumin.

Zhoumin was completely dumbstruck. She never thought that the One-eyed Magic Wolf would suddenly discover their whereabouts. As her gaze met that single eye, it was like her entire being was dropped into a dreadful abyss, and her body was unable to move.

“Did your mom not teach you that Magical Beasts have the ability to sense mobile signals!?” Mo Fan grabbed Zhoumin, and with lightning speed, he dashed toward the outside of the construction site.

The creatures in this world had one thing that was out of the norm, which was their ability to sense the signals of magical equipment. So even if you were to send a help text to the City Hunter Team with your phone sounds off, it’d be no different than sending your phone GPS location to the Magical Beast’s brain, exposing you instantly!

“Grrrr~!”

The One-eyed Magic Wolf also realized that its whereabouts were exposed. It readied its body like a bow, and then it became like a coyote who discovered food as it flew toward Mo Fan and Zhoumin, its speed extremely frightening!

Fortunately, Mo Fan and Zhoumin were a good distance away from this thing, or else the two of them would have instantly turned into the One-eyed Magic Wolf’s midnight snack.

Mo Fan ran extremely quickly, fleeing even as he was connecting his Star Path.

This technique was something he had learned from the few times he had responded to a call with the City Hunter Team. If he stood in his original spot connecting his Star Path like a retard, the Magical Beast could just wantonly throw something at his forehead, and he would lose his life on the spot!

“Fire Burst, Burning Bones!”

With one hand, he held Zhoumin’s wrist as he ran; on the other hand, he coagulated a boiling fireball.

As he jumped over a pile of cement bags in front of him, the fireball in his hands was simultaneously thrown toward the One-eyed Magic Wolf that was charging them.

_Whewwwww~_

The swirling speed of the Burning Bones was extremely fast; in an instant, it ignited the pile of scrap wood. The One-eyed Magic Wolf didn’t dare to charge through the incredible heat.

Mo Fan’s Fire Burst naturally wasn’t thrown at the One-eyed Magic Wolf. The nimbleness of One-eyed Magic Wolf was at the same level as the Colossal-eyed Ape Rat. Its sturdy four limbs allowed it to vigorously jump over the ruins while Mo Fan’s skill with his spells hadn’t reached a level where he would be able to accurately hit it.

The objective of the Burning Bones flames was simple: to form a firewall to cut off the One-eyed Magic Wolf’s attack route!

“Grrroarr~!”

However, the One-eyed Magic Wolf’s agility far exceeded Mo Fan’s imagination. It’s back legs ferociously stomped the ground, and it suddenly jumped up. It actually jumped directly over the raging Burning Bones flames!

_Boom!_ The One-eyed Magic Wolf landed heavily, raising a cloud of dust.

Its eye once again locked onto the escaping Mo Fan and Zhoumin. The One-eyed Magic Wolf’s back legs stomped ferociously, its body lowered and became like an oncoming train as it charged after them. The construction wood, sand piles, and handcarts in its way were all sent flying.

Mo Fan turned his head to look back, and was unable to stop himself from cursing.

This One-eyed Magic Wolf really was abnormal. Let’s not even talk about its speed, its body was actually so sturdy. If he were to get hit by a One-eyed Magic Wolf like that, then he would would lose his life. It was probably much stronger than any of the other Magical Beasts that he had encountered before.

_Fortunately, Zhoumin and I were a bit far from it before. We’ll be exiting the construction site soon, we should be safer once we’re outside._

_Boom! Boom! Boom!_

The temporary outer walls of the construction site were like foam, directly smashed into pieces by the One-eyed Magic Wolf’s body. When Mo Fan and Zhoumin, who had just made it to the old residential area, turned their heads around and realized that the One-eyed Magic Wolf was still chasing them, they were completely dumbstruck.

_Freaking One-eyed Magic Wolf, this daddy has already entered his pagoda, yet you still want to be that noisy?_

Mo Fan had thought that this One-eyed Magic Wolf had some intelligence, because it was hiding in a construction site no one was at while it ate vagrants. Thus, he deduced that the One-eyed Magic Wolf would not chase them all the way to the old residential street. If it was discovered by people, it would become the objective of a manhunt. Who would’ve thought that the One-eyed Magic Wolf was actually so stupid that it directly chased them out of the construction site?

_Brother Wolf, attacking in broad daylight would not give you anyone to eat, so you can go and head home. Although it is currently evening and the old residential street doesn’t have many people around, there will still be someone who will see this and report it… Isn’t it better if we all just go and leave in peace today, split up after we’ve crossed this corner, and none of us turn our heads around?_

_Shit, you’re still chasing? If you’re still chasing, then don’t blame me for being impolite!_

*[Long Taos]: side characters in Chinese operas who perform acrobatics and fight scenes

*[12.47 to 13.07]: don’t ask me about the tree sap

