Chapter 7: Green Tea Man

.

.

.

“Really…..agh. Why wasn’t this student assigned to my class, instead, he was placed into Zhang Jianguo’s hand. This Zhang Jianguo’s face is going to be filled with pride from today on.” Xue Musheng’s own face was filled with envy and jealousy.

While in the front, Mu Bai’s face was filled with shock and was followed by a bit of gloom and disdain.

The Lightning Element is extraordinary. However, if you don’t know how to cultivate it, then you’ll just stay a loser. Having some strong Element appearing in China which has a large population isn’t anything out of the norm. It’s not like he’s a Natural Dual Element user, hmph. You dare to steal my limelight? Watch me trample you flat on the ground in the future.

Oh, I almost forgot to check what kind of Element this dreg has. The awakening took so long so it must’ve failed.

“Woah, woah. It’s a Fire Element!!”

“This is serious, our class has yet another Fire Element.’

“Who said he would fail his awakening? It turns out he awakened the Fire Element, that sure makes me envy him.”

After the disturbance from the shocking Lightning Element had calmed itself, everyone finally discovered the Element Mo Fan had awakened.

The girl, Zhou Min, who awakened the Fire Element earlier seemed a little shocked. She intentionally looked closer at Mo Fan and discovered that there was indeed fire sprouting from the Awakening Stone. The sprouting fire seemed to be a bit more vicious than the one she had herself.

“There’s yet another Fire Element appearing in class 8.”

“Although it’s not as rare as the Lightning Element, the Fire Element is still incredible!”

“Fire…..Fire Element….” Xue Musheng looked dull as he looked at the student before him.

The appearance of the Lightning Element almost made Xue Musheng forget about the existence of this troublemaker. Originally, he thought this student would’ve failed his awakening.However, he never thought that he would actually succeed in his awakening, andnever did he think that he would even awaken the preeminent Fire Element!

This…..this is also a treasure!!

Furthermore, judging by the exuberant level of the flames, it seems like his talent was even higher than Zhou Min’s.

Xue Musheng never thought that the student he thought to be a liability would unexpectedly give him face instead!

“Not bad, not bad, that’s really not bad at all. What’s your name...oh, Mo Fan, right?” Xue Musheng was smiling so wide that his eyes looked as if it was closed.

“Yeah.” Mo Fan nodded.

Mo Fan originally thought that people saw his Lightning Element awakening.However, after looking around himself, he realized that no one had actually taken notice of that….

Either the person who awakened the Lightning Element was exceedingly shocking, or his own Lightning Element awakening’s power was too weak.

The pressure emanating from the Awakening in the beginning matters, however, it’s not a decisive factor. Even if the pressure from the beginning was weak, one could still put in efforts to slowly cultivate it, allowing it to grow even stronger.

“Fire Element student, hmm. You must strive to do well in the future, if you have something you don’t understand, don’t hesitate to ask me.” Xue Musheng happily said as he patted Mo Fan on his shoulders.

Mo Fan was still feeling ecstatic.

However, he didn’t let himself indulgein this happiness. If it was any other youth, then they would most likely reveal the Lightning Element they had awakened previously, using the credibility of Natural Dual Elements to completely steal the audience’s attention from the other Lightning Element student.

Mo Fan was not going to do that. If the heavens can be jealous of a genius, then how would mortals feel?

Mo Fan knew that there’s someone who carries hostility toward himself in the Mu Family. Thus, if he were to reveal that he possesses Natural Dual Elements, then either he would have to comply with their wishes, or they would simply get rid of him. Although Mo Fan did possess the peerless Dual Elements, he himself was still too weak. It was not too late to go crazy after he had gotten stronger!

Mo Fan turned his head around to see the reaction of Mu Bai and Zhao Kunsan.

Sure enough, the two lads faces were twitching!

“What kind of luck does this kid have? Let’s not even talk about the successful awakening, but he even awakened the Fire Element!” Although Mu Bai looked dignified, his heart was harshly cursing him.

“What the heck, how is this possible? Fire Element….” The henchman, Zhao Kunsan stared in confusion.

“Haha, I’ve said it before, Brother Mo Fan is indeed not normal! Fire Element, impressive, it really is impressive. Who cares about you, Zhao Kunsan, with your Wind Element.” Zhang Hou jumped in joy. He saw the henchman, Zhao Kunsan’s face and immediately sensed resentment.

Zhao Kunsan’s face was filled with rage. If one were to compare Primary-ranked Wind Element with Fire Element, then Wind Element will definitely be the losing side!

Mo Fan turned around with an unrestrained smile on his face as he bathed under the sunlight. Suddenly, it was as though the carpet beneath his foot spread out with two girls squealing. He was filled with confidence.

As he walked past Mu Bai, Mo Fan sneakily gave him a middle finger. The entire action was done in a smooth way, it looked like they were just greeting each other.

Mu Bai felt as though he had received the full force of Mo Fan’s ridicule, his breathing became so heavy it was practically about to explode.

He took a deep breath. Mu Bai told himself to maintain his image, he must maintain his image. He couldn’t stoop down to the same level as this beggar. He himself is the Little Young Master of the Mu Family, whereas this guy is just the son of a part time worker.

Let’s not talk about this loser succeeding in his awakening. He had even awakened the Fire Element that has a superiority in its preceding period, I guess even losers have their luck…. Additionally, what made him even angrier was the appearance of the rare Lightning Element in the class next to them. The attention from Mu Bai’s own ancestral Ice Element was completely stomped by him, shit!” Mu Bai whose appearance seemed like a Prince Charming was harshly cursing in his heart.

Mo Fan returned to his place while at the same time, he felt the gaze from his surrounding classmates that were completely different from before.

“The Fire Element, we better not provoke this guy in the future.”

“Provoke? We should improve our relations with him. If a Light Element user like myself should mix in school, then I’d need a Big Brother with Fire Element to support me.”

“Oh right, what’s his name? Was it Mo Fan?”

The surrounding students were whispering, but it still somewhat was caught by Mo Fan’s ears. Mo Fan felt his mood turn even better, while at same time, he glanced toward Mu Bai who had also heard this. Sure enough, one could see a little dissatisfaction on Mu Bai’s face.

Mo Fan already knew what kind of trash Mu Bai is. From day to night, he just acts like a Green Tea 1. The fake and emotionless expression he keeps on his face means that on the inside, he felt extremely dissatisfied.

Green Tea Man. You turn green with envy when your daddy awakens the Fire Element? Just wait till you know that I, Mo Fan, also possess the Lightning Element…. You may even commit harakiri wouldn’t you?





1. Green Tea essentially means putting up a front but is actually just a complete ass.





