Chapter 25: Ice Element, Ice Spread!

.

.

.

After Xu Zhaoting saw this result, his face revealed satisfaction.

As he turned around, he, who was waiting for the examiners to deliver his results, suddenly noticed a pair of beautiful eyes that was like snow.

It was Mu Ningxue!

Xu Zhaoting’s face was filled with pleasant surprise.

He didn’t think his examination would catch Mu Ningxue’s attention.

She was definitely startled; after all, the power of Lightning element wasn’t something any other element could compare to.

……

“Ningxue, what do you think?” The school supervisor, Mu He, asked with a smile across his face.

“Average,” Mu Ningxue didn’t take another look and chose to continue advancing forward.

The Principal and the other few people in the school council became stiff.

No way, a Lightning element this strong and she still thought it was normal? Just how high were this girl’s standards?

“Hehe, that’s actually not bad. Ningxue is in Empire Institution; all of the geniuses in the country gather there. The activation of the primary skill, Lightning Strike, is the most basic skill there. The reason as to why she thinks its average is because she has a habit of using the standards of Empire Institution to assess,” Mu Zhuoyun smiled as he explained this, giving the Principal and the group of people in the school council a way out of this awkward situation.

“If you put it like that, does that mean Xu Zhaoting has students with the potential to enter Empire Institute?” The Principal was also someone who understood how to deal with situations; he took advantage and asked this.

The other people immediately copied what he said.

“If things go well, then Xu Zhaoting’s grades will be the best in the entire school, right?” School director, Chen Guangliang said.

“That’s hard to say. From what I know, Mu Bai from the eighth class is also quite capable.” Vice-Principal replied.

Hearing them saying this, a smile emerged on Mu He’s face as he immediately spoke to Mu Zhuoyun and Mu Ningxue, “Older brother, Mu Bai is a disciple from our Mu Family; his grades have always been quite remarkable. From how I see it, it should be his turn soon; should we go and watch?”

“Mu Bai? Which family’s?”

“He’s Mu Yang’s son. When Mu Yang passed away, I saw Mu Bai and his mother being bullied by others somewhere; thus, I brought them to live in the manor. Mu Bai is a very intelligent and determined child; he’s no worse than the other kids of our family… Oh, there’s naturally a huge gap compared to Mu Ningxue, but he’s still a seedling worth raising,” Mu He cautiously said to Mu Zhuoyun.

The highest authority over the manor was completely within Mu Zhuoyun’s hands. Mu He counted as a Lord, as well; however, he was just a third or fourth degree Lord. That was simply not on par with Mu Zhuoyun.

“Oh, that slightly rings a bell. Then let’s go and have a look; how about it, school directors?” Mu Zhuoyun asked.

The school director with the split hair that was gradually losing its color said “Since it is a disciple of your Mu Family, we are definitely interested.”

The group of people began to walk, slowly making their way to the exam grounds of the eight class.

The aura of this group of people was very strong. In the eyes of the students, the directors may be a faintly discernable existence; however, Mu Ningxue, a genius of the same age as them was something incredible.

On the grounds, the male students saw the girl observing from the side.

“Heavens, the group of directors is coming here.”

“They really came; my hands are trembling.”

“Good timing; just in time for me to show off.”

“Show off my ass; your test is already over. You’re just a dreg with a ‘C!’”

The students of the eight class were unable to calm themselves.

Every student’s fate depended on the Annual Examination. While at the same time, the group of school directors who could change their future with just a single, praising glance were coming over. This caused the examination to have an exceedingly heavy atmosphere.

Mu He was walking to the very front. The bald examiner immediately raised his head and glanced at Mu He.

As Mu He hinted to him, the bald examiner immediately understood what he meant. He first pretended to not see anything before he indifferently said, “Next, Mu Bai!”

Mu Bai’s eyes were still placed on Mu Ningxue’s body. Even though the two lived in the same castle, it was still so big that Mu Bai has only been this close to Mu Ningxue just a few times before.

“Mu Bai, it’s your turn.” Mu He coughed to remind Mu Bai.

Only then did Mu Bai come back to his senses.

What could he do? He liked her for far too many years. Even if it were rather impossible for him to walk with her, he still wouldn’t freaking let that trash, Mo Fan, take her away. He would be her bodyguard!

It was time to prove the efforts of the past years!

Mu Bai nodded before he began walking toward the exam grounds.

He had been waiting for this for a long time. Mu Bai took a deep breath.

To have the attention of the family and Mu Ningxue, these were things Mu Bai could only dream of, and today was the day where the both would come true.

As he placed his hand on the Star Appraisal Stone, Mu Bai repressed his excitement within his heart as much as possible.

In this aspect, Mu Bai had actually practiced for a long time. Even if he felt more excited and nervous than anyone, he relied on his past training to complete a proper and stable meditation.

A white and dense, icy wave quickly spread out from the Star Appraisal Stone and covered the surroundings.

This ice wave was so strong; it overflowed from the Star Appraisal Stone and made even Mu Bai feel its cold on his face.

All of the teachers and students watched this scene, entranced.

The radiance was overflowing. This was perhaps the first time they have seen something like this happen during an exam. Even Zhoumin, who received an A, was quite inferior to the overflowing radiance of Mu Bai!

“S！”

“S！”

“S！”

The three examiners immediately gave announced their grades, and all of them were ‘S’s!’

“I remember Xu Zhaoting from before had two ‘S’ and an ‘A,’ right?”

“In that case, Mu Bai’s stardust is more superior than Xu Zhaoting!” Mu He immediately said.

At this moment, Xue Musheng was astonished by this sight. This Mu Bai had hidden his true power?

“As expected of the disciple of a noble family. I thought Mu Bai would only get one ‘S’ at most, who would’ve thought that he would receive three ‘S’s!’ “

“Three ‘S’s,' the final result is naturally ‘S’s!’”

These were without a doubt the best grades in the school!

“Shit, Mu Bai is too amazing. He unexpectedly received three ‘S’s.’ These grades directly shake Xu Zhaoting from class seven off; thus, Mu Bai will be worthy of the title ‘Number One.’”

“I never imagined…”

“Mu Bai, you’re far too amazing!”

A few girls, at this moment, had already become completely infatuated with him.

Mu Bai was handsome, and his grades were outstanding. He was simply the Knight on the white horse in their hearts.

“Big brother, what do you think?” Mu He laughed as he asked Mu Zhuoyun to his side.

“Not bad,” Mu Zhuoyun gave a brief comment.

Mu Ningxue, however, didn’t say anything.

Seeing Mu Ningxue not react, Mu Bai knew that getting three ‘S’s,’ in Mu Ningxue’s opinion, was nothing impressive. This was the Activation test; it was also the time for him to show off his true strength!

Mu Bai turned around and walked to the middle of the exam grounds.

“Mu Bai is taking the Activation test!”

“No shit, Mu Bai has definitely grasped the control of seven stars.”

“I can’t wait to see the skill of Ice element.”

As they were discussing this, Mu Bai had already fixated his gaze onto the human-shaped puppet.

That’s right; the Stardust test was only the basics. The people who had a brain were very clear on the fact that the Activation test was the true assessment test.

I will definitely have Family Head and Mu Ningxue take notice of me!

He closed his eyes and began his magic incantations.

Mu Bai skillfully made the seven Ice element stars connect with each other to form a Star Path.





Tofu

FluffyGoblyn

