Chapter 13: First taste of Magic!

First taste of Magic！

.

.

.

In the Pavilion, on the hill, there was an unimaginable purple energy flashing magnificently before it quickly disappeared into nothing.

There was a scorched smell pervading the air.

There was even some charring on the plants in the surroundings.

There were two people laying on the ground; they were acutely twitching. Their appearances were too horrible to look at; the insufferably arrogant attitude of the Guangchi District’s ruffians was nowhere to be seen.

The other three people were thoroughly scared.

“Big….Mo…..Big Brother Mo Fan… Seeing...seeing as how we grew up in the same district...could...could you spare us. We…..we will never do this again!!” The man with the cigarette had been so scared that his soul had dispersed. In his eyes, the sixteen-year-old youth in front of him was even scarier than the demons in his nightmares!

“You...you are an honorable Mage.. you don’t need to lower yourself to the same level as dregs like us. I beg of you; don’t...don’t do anything to us.” The man in cowboy adornment said with a trembling voice.

Seeing the appearances of Xu Bing and the muscular man, it was just too terrifying!

The man in cowboy adornments didn’t want to become like them!

The whiff of rage accompanied with the completely released Lightning Strike was slowly settling down to the bottom of Mo Fan’s heart.

He looked at the miserable Xu Bing and the muscular man and glanced at the other three people who were completely terrified.

“Take them to the hospital,” Mo Fan’s said as he calmed down.

The truth was even Mo Fan couldn’t imagine that the Primary rank skill of Lightning Element, Lightning Strike would have a might that immense!

This was my first time actually activating it. If I can become even more proficient at it and be able to increase my accuracy in controlling it, I won't waste a single bit of that scattered energy during the activation. I'm afraid the perfected Lightning Strike would directly cause the five people to die from the explosion.

So far, so good, however, there were no casualties out of this or else things would become complicated!

“Yes, yes, yes! We’ll go; we’ll go now!!” The cowboy looked at this young Mage’s rage settling down; he acted as if he obtained a new life.

The other two didn’t dare to think too much about it; they hurriedly supported the two paralyzed people on the ground...

The result was, as soon as they touched the two men, the remaining lightning arcs transmitted into their arms from the bodies; causing them to tremble in fear.

“Call an ambulance. You’ll handle the medical fees yourselves.” Mo Fan said indifferently.

“I’ll call them now; I’ll call them now.”

Mo Fan’s rage had already dispersed. In fact, his mind still had some enthusiasm which was hard to conceal.

Right now, Mo Fan was like a God Killing existence for them; how could he display his extremely joyful appearance to these fools?

After walking to the inside of the Pavilion, Mo Fan swept away the cards from the wheelchair. He picked up the wheelchair and followed the stairs back down.

These three people were still looking at Mo Fan with fear lingering in their hearts.

Suddenly, Mo Fan spun around.

The three people were scared and hastily took a step back.

“Oh right, if someone were to ask, tell them that these two tried to steal electricity. If you dare to spread the matter of me being a Mage, I’ll have you shut up forever. Either way, I heard the police won’t make it difficult for a Mage who accidentally kills someone. Especially the dregs of society who provoked a Mage.” Mo Fan thought of it and turned around to warn these people.

The three people nodded their head as though they were pounding garlic; they couldn’t be more obedient.

“Regarding Zhao Kunsan and Mu Bai, with your IQ, I believe you know what to say, right?” Mo Fan said as he left in a carefree manner.

“We...we didn’t see you.”

“You’re smart. I’ll think of the matter as done, this time. If there’s anything in the future, you can come and find me. You’ve seen my abilities already.”

“Yes, yes, yes! Big Brother Mo Fan, take care.” The three bent over as they nodded their head with fear and reverence.

Mo Fan nodded as he picked up the wheelchair and left.

First, you need to ruthlessly beat them up, then you give them a little bit of benefit. Mo Fan believed these lads wouldn’t dare be rash, and believed they wouldn’t spread the word of this matter to the outside.

On one side, he has become a Lightning Element Magician that was able to activate his skills. On the other side, it was the Apprentice-level Mu Bai. I believe these guys understand how to stand for themselves.

However, Mo Fan was already clear on the fact that these five people were just lackeys for Mu Bai and Zhao Kunsan.

When the time comes, I’ll still pay those two bastards back what they deserve.

……

Following the stone steps downwards, Mo Fan finally couldn’t help but to laugh out loud.

A few years ago, he was just a normal student in a classroom who would occasionally look at the world outside of the window, due to the dullness from the History class. Occasionally, he would also daydream about suddenly being faced with a gust of wind and flying upwards; his foot lightly treading on the flagpole. Soaring through the blue sky and the distant back mountain of the school. He imagined encountering a brute that could cause himself to be thoroughly enraged. When he met fiends and numerous villains, his hands were able to congregate a special force that could directly defeat them.

Who would’ve thought that he was able to have a small taste of this today!

With the Lightning Force in his hands, the five ruffians who used to bully him became like stray dogs. This has never happened before, and the feeling was fantastic; it was like a dream!

“Lightning Element, Lightning Strike is indeed impressive. I wonder what kind of power the Fire Element’s ‘Primary rank skill, Flame Burst’ holds. There’s still half a year before the annual Magic Examination; I should have enough time to grasp the Fire Element’s Primary rank skill, Fire Burst…” Mo Fan got excited.

The Lightning element’s primary rank skill, Lightning Strike was indeed ferocious. I wonder how the other element’s skills are.

Moreover, Mo Fan knew that the primary rank skills are the lowest type of magic; after the primary, there’s also intermediate and high rank!

“Right, right, the Wind element Teacher did mention it during the first class. The Wind Element’s high-rank skill, Wind Wings gives you the ability to soar through the sky….Damn, if I’m able to learn Wind Wings, then I’d be able to go anywhere!

After a long while, Mo Fan was still having difficulties holding down his excitement. His mind was incessantly processing the magic knowledge he learned. He wanted to know what other heaven-defying skills the Mages could be in possession of!

……

On the still swing was the long haired, perfectly straight nosed young girl with her head slightly turned upwards. She was carefully observing the pavilion whose view was blocked by trees.

“The purple ray just now….” Ye Xinxia murmured to herself.

She saw a magnificent purple colored light like a remnant of a shooting star flashing by the pavilion. Although it quickly dissipated, it was still an astonishing scene that left a mark in people's heart.

“Is it a Mage?” Ye Xinxia thought to herself.

She had a really hard time imagining that there’d be a Mage in a city area this small.

However, why would a Mage appear in the same location as Mo Fan and the group of ruffians, and they even used genuine magic!

Is Big Brother Mo Fan alright??

At this moment, Ye Xinxia was feeling nervous. She subconsciously bit the side of her lip.

At last, the familiar figure appeared on the small, stone staircase. He was carrying her wheelchair, and his face had a …. had a trace of a silly smile?





Tofu

FluffyGoblyn

