Chapter 23: Magic B*tch

.

.

.

“Alright, stop being so loud. The examination begins now. If there is any more noise coming from any of you, then you’ll lose your qualifications to take it!”

“Just thinking about the expression on Lady Mu Ningxue’s face at seeing you being expelled in front of all of the students and teachers, I reckon she would definitely regret wanting to run away with you in the past selfishly,” Mu Bai didn’t feel a need to conceal his objectives anymore as he whispered these sinister words into Mo Fan’s ear.

“Your mouth smells like crap. I can’t handle this stink; don’t get close to me,” Mo Fan used his hand to block him.

The corner of Mu Bai’s mouth twitched.

I’ll let this kid be arrogant for a while more yet!

In the past, Mo Fan had held Mu Bai on the ground as he fiercely beat him up in front of Mu Ningxue. Since then and for the rest of his life, Mu Bai would be unable to raise his head in front of Mu Ningxue; even now, he still felt ashamed.

Today, he, Mu Bai, planned on letting Mo Fan suffer even worse.

Being expelled in front of the entire school and Mu Ningxue... In this society where Magic was the ultimate authority was reason enough for Mo Fan to be ridiculed and looked down upon by Mu Ningxue. When he return to his father, Mo Jiaxing, how is he going to explain this to his father who sold their house just so he could enter Magic High, when he returned?

Unqualified students being expelled during the annual examination was a very common matter.

Being expelled wasn’t something announced to the entire school. The school wasn’t likely to be that unkind.

However, there was one exception where the school would directly announce the expulsion. That would be when the magician’s stardust hadn’t shown any progress at all!

Under normal circumstances, after the students had awakened their stardust, they would properly cultivate it every day. Even the more clumsy people would slowly make their stardust glow, and develop their magic capabilities unless the student was too lazy to do so!

In order to punish this type of student, who wasted the awakening resources and magic books, and to help make the other school students understand that cultivation was not a child’s game where you could waste your time, the school would publicly announce the expulsion of a student whose cultivation was far too low.

This kind of public announcement might not happen every year, and it was set up to encourage the students who took the back door to enter the school.

During the start of this school semester, the entire class conducted a rough examination. At that time, Mo Fan’s cultivation was practically at zero. Xue Musheng almost made a public slandering of Mo Fan in a fit of fury.

Now, the school semester had ended, while also entering the most important annual examination.

If things went according to the calculations, then Mo Fan’s cultivation would be very likely approach the line of public expulsion.

Naturally, to prevent a miscalculation, Mu Bai and his uncle, Mu He, had also prepared a big present for Mo Fan.

This big present was enough to put Mo Fan out of bounds, giving him the honor of receiving the punishment the school hadn’t given for three years.

The most fortunate thing was that Mu Ningxue and Mu Zhuoyun would also be present to view this scene!

Mu Bai felt much happier just thinking about it.

Today was the day to show himself off, and from that day on, soar through the sky with high status. It was also the day for that cheap Mo Fan to be humiliated. How great, how great!

……

“The Annual Examination will now officially begin!”

All of the thirty classes in the school began simultaneously.

The process of the test was actually very simple. You just had to place your hand on the Star Appraisal Stone while everyone, including the examiners, watched. Then, you concentrated to enter a meditative state, and at that time, the Star Appraisal Stone would emit the same radiance as the examinee’s stardust. They would then assess the level of the cultivation based on the radiance.

Every student had three attempts.

The final result was based on the attempt with the brightest radiance.

Naturally, the more the student concentrated on it, the more the Star Appraisal Stone would accurately display the radiance of the student’s stardust.

The order of the examinee’s was random. The first examinee naturally happened to be that weeping beauty, classmate He Yu, who was already standing at the front.

The girl was still that timid; she was still extremely shy as she walked to the front of the Star Appraisal Stone under everyone’s gaze. She looked as though she was scared of being expelled.

“You may begin,” the bald examiner said.

“Good luck He Yu! Your teacher and your fellow classmates believe in you,” Xue Musheng said.

“Don’t worry if you don’t do well; I will take care of you,” the nutjob of a dorm head, Jian Hua said.

He Yu was feeling shy as she closed her eyes; she then placed her small hands on the massive Star Appraisal Stone.

The entire class suddenly turned silent. Their eyes were attentively watching the girl who was taking the first test, and it seemed as though they were more nervous than the examinee.

For some reason, Mo Fan felt a change in He Yu’s temperament after she began her test. Her expression turned serious; although she was nervous, she wasn’t frenetic.

The black Star Appraisal Stone gradually emitted some radiance from within. In the beginning, it looked like the early sunrise. Following He Yu’s intense focus, the radiance gradually spread around the Star Appraisal Stone, causing the radiance to fill the surroundings.

“A！”

“A！”

“A！”

In this moment, the three examinee’s practically announced the results simultaneously.

“Classmate, it’s done. Your final result is an A!” the bald examiner said without an expression on his face.

He Yu opened her eyes; she looked as though she was unable to believe it, before she excitedly said, “Re… really? I got an A?”

Although the scene of a girl happily yelling out she got an A was strange, they had no choice to admit that He Yu’s final results gave everyone a surprise.

“I… freaking hell. A?! That’s the standard for entering the Elite Class!”

“I’m speechless. Before the test, she was sitting there wailing endlessly. We really thought she was drifting on the borderline of being expelled, but as the final results came out, she freaking got an A!”

“Magic B*tch; what a typical magic studying b*tch. I’ll never believe her again.”

After the results came out, Mo Fan’s dorm head, classmate Jianhua, was completely flabbergasted.

Raise her, my ass. It’d be really good if he would be able to get a B. He’s just blindly worrying about someone who got an A.

The homeroom teacher, Xue Musheng’s expression was stiff. He was deceived by the female teacher who acted all cute. However, having the first one to take the test and get an A made Xue Musheng feel happy overall.

All the grades will be summed up, and after that, the thirty classes will compare the average grades. Xue Musheng felt like his own class had the potential to reach the top three.

The biggest competition was the class next door, class 7. With that Lightning Element kid, Xu Zhaoting, who knew how much of a difference there would be between the classes? However, what he wished for was the most outstanding student in his class, Mu Bai, to not be inferior to Xu Zhaoting in any respect.

“Next one, do you want to partake the test?” the bald examiner said, as he looked at He Yu.

He Yu shook her head in haste as she said, “I’ve only grasped six stars so far, so I’ll let it be.”

“Alright. We’ll use the evaluation from your other teachers to decide which class you’ll be placed in,” the bald examiner said.

“Thank you, teacher.”

He Yu walked out, happily. Originally, she wanted to share this joy with the friends next to her, however, she realized the friends were all a meter away from her. She was puzzled by this.

She didn’t do anything wrong; her grades were pretty good, right?

“Next, Zhang Xiaohou,” the examiner announced the name.

Zhang Xiaohou couldn’t help but be surprised. He didn’t think it would be his turn so soon.

“Brother Fan, I’m going,” Zhang Xiaohou said to Mo Fan.

“Mhm, do your best, and stay calm,” Mo Fan replied.

“You shouldn’t be advising other people; hearing it makes me wanna puke,” without fail, Zhao Kunsan followed, saying this.

Mo Fan was puzzled. Is this Zhao Kunsan on a stalker mode and conversation denial mode? How is it possible that he would just pour cold water along with everything I do?





Tofu

MindLitUp

