Chapter 5: Innate Dual Elements (1)

.

.

.

“Next…”

“Next....”

“Next…..”

“Zhang Hou!”

Standing not too far from Mo Fan, the monkey-looking Zhang Hou turned his head around and gave Mo Fan a glance, “Brother Mo Fan, I’m going now.”

“Alright, good luck.”

“Hmph, I hope you will also get Water Element,” Zhao Kunsan immediately said in sarcasm.

Zhang Hou was just a skinny, monkey stick. As he put his hands on it, an odd wind vortex appeared on the Awakening Stone, causing the teacher’s clothes to move slightly.

“Very good. Wind Element. Your talent isn’t bad at all. Practice hard, and don’t be lazy!” Xue Musheng’s face also revealed a look of satisfaction.

The homeroom teacher, Xue Musheng, was feeling very happy. This was because he had only reached ten or so of them, and there were already two talented students who had appeared. If they were to cultivate well, then they would definitely be admitted into a good University.

Naturally, what made his face light up like a gem was student number 1, Mu Bai. An outstanding Ice Element talent coupled with the Ice Element Family behind him, his future capabilities would be of a great asset!

It seemed like the class 8 had an opportunity to become one of the top classes this year.

“Next…”

“Next….”

“Next…..”

“Pu~~~~~”

An orange colored fire suddenly lit up on top of the Awakening Stone.

This scene caused the entire class to widen their eyes.

“Fire… Fire Element!!!”

“Shit! It turned out to be a girl. What’s her name?”

For a moment, the girl who awakened the Fire Element became the focus of the class. This Element was the most amazing one among the Chemical Elements. This was also the Apprentice-level Mage’s first choice in awakening. If they were able to choose which Elements to get, then….

Unfortunately, the Fire Element was quite arrogant yet tender, and the probability of awakening it was quite low. In a class, there’d be at most three of them; that’s not even one every tenth students.

“Her name is Zhou Min. It seems like she’s the daughter of some teacher,” someone said in a whisper.

“She looks really good. We should get to know her better.”

“We should be cautious. This Zhou Min looks like she’s very quiet and obedient, but in reality, she’s very short-tempered and violent. How else could a girl awaken the Fire Element?”

“That makes sense.”

“Daughter is just like mother. If Mrs. Wenhua knows about this, then I’m sure she’ll be excited,” the homeroom teacher, Xue Musheng, said.

“Thank you teacher.”

“Next….. Wind Element.”

“Next….. Light Element.”

“Heavens, I’m going to the roof. Don’t stop me,” the Light Element student said.

“Next….Water Element.”

“Classmate with the Light Element, wait for me! I’m coming with you to the roof.”

“Next…..”

……

Finally when it seemed like the entire class had their Elements awakened, Mo Fan’s hand held the student number 48, as his heart madly skipped incessantly. Perhaps no one else was as nervous as Mo Fan. On one hand, his first interaction with magic was only three months ago, while on the other hand, he was really worried that he’d fail his Awakening!

“Number 48, Mo Fan!”

“It’s your turn!” Zhang Hou turned his head around and encouraged him.

“Sacrificing everything to get in here. Just don’t hold any kind of hope. If your luck is good, you could get Water Element. If you can’t reach the Intermediate-level Mage, then you’ll have wasted it. If your luck is bad, then your awakening will fail. Tsk tsk tsk... and by then you’ll be expelled,” Zhao Kunsan said with sarcasm.

“Would you shut your dog mouth?” Zhang Hou said with slight anger.

Zhang Hou saw Mo Fan as a big brother. Although his grades in Magic were bad, and he entered Magic High through the backdoor, Zhang Hou absolutely did not wish to see Mo Fan’s awakening be worse than others.

The nine year compulsory magic education actually served to build a foundation for the Awakening, as well as the theories for cultivation afterward. If they didn’t study well, then on one hand, the Awakening might fail, while on the other, the cultivation might not advance.

Mo Fan took large strides and passed through the crowds of people.

“It’s him. It seems like he entered through the backdoor.”

“Who is this? He looks pretty handsome,” a girl asked dreamily.

“A dreg of a student. I was originally from the class next to his,” another girl with a mushroom head and large mouth said.

“Is that so? Then his awakening might be bad.”

“Whether he will succeed his awakening is the real question.”

“Those of you who awakened Light or Water Element, don’t worry. Wait till you see this Mo Fan awaken... then you’ll feel much better. This guy’s exam score was at one digit, and his foundation is completely shit. His awakening is likely to fail,” at that moment Zhao Kunsan spat at Zhang Hou with a straightforward, loud voice that carried a sense of mocking.

As he said this, the Light and Water Element students eyes turned bright. If there really was a person that failed their awakening, then that would really make them feel… relieved.

“Stop making a racket!” Xue Musheng glared at Zhao Kunsan.

The corner of Mu Bai’s mouth slowly curled up. He wanted Mo Fan to be humiliated in front of everyone. What qualifications did he have to approach Lady Mu Ningxue? He’s just a loser. Someone as handsome as me, with a good talent in magic and who makes great efforts, who is Mu Ningxue’s relation, should be very intimate with her.

“Dreg... I heard that your family sold the house so you could do the Awakening. If you really happen to fail the awakening, then you should just find a river and jump into it. That way your problems will be solved. Then you can also save your family from being humiliated,” Mu Bai said with a delicate whisper as Mo Fan passed by.

Mo Fan glanced at Mu Bai; he endured the impulse to curse at the idiot as he walked to the front of Xue Musheng.

“Mo Fan, put your hands here,” Xue Musheng said with a gentle tone.

As the homeroom teacher, Xue Musheng was very clear on the circumstances of the student in front of him.

His middle school exams were essentially at the bottom. He was only able to enter Tian Lan Magic High because of the higher ups pulling strings. From how Xue Musheng saw it, Mo Fan was from a normal family: no background, no talent, his grades were so bad that he didn’t even want to look at them. This kind of student being sent to his class was simply a headache; it was very easy for him to pull down the average of the class.

Ah, there's nothing I can do about it. I’ll have to count myself unlucky. Hopefully this kid won’t actually fail his awakening, or else he’ll become the laughingstock for the entire year.

Mo Fan’s hands was constantly shaking. At the end of the day, he was still a little nervous.

“Smooth and steady, don’t shake,” Xue Musheng said as a reminder.

Mo Fan used his left hand to grab onto his right hand. In this way, he successfully put his right hand onto the Awakening Stone.

It’s cold. He didn’t know if it was because the last person had awakened the Ice Element, causing the entire Awakening Stone to be ice cold.

Eh? Something’s not right. Why is it beginning to feel numb and hot?

“Close your eyes and feel your Spiritual World!” Xue Musheng said.

What a troublesome student; he doesn’t even know the basics.

Mo Fan hastily closed his eyes as instructed.

This so-called Spiritual World could be seen when one closed their eyes, and within their head, a piece of void would emerge. A normal person would continually imagine in this void, and just like movie fragments, there would be those indistinct scenes. When one emptied their mind and stopped thinking, the mind became a void... just like a sky without a star.

Within the Spiritual World, there was nothing at all. However, when Mo Fan placed his hand on the Awakening Stone, he could feel the power of lightning…

This power was transmitted from his hand to his body. Following this, there was suddenly a miraculous power within his empty Spiritual World, which caused a purple colored arc to streak across the world; it was gorgeous, magnificent, and an experience that shocked his soul!





Tofu

MindLitUp

