Chapter 29: A beautiful casting, Fire Burst!

The other Fire Elemental user, goody two shoes girl Zhou Min, looked at this overflowing radiance. Her small face was clearly showing her disbelief.

This student who she always loathed for not making progress… he was actually stronger than Mu Bai?

She had actually been making a mistake this entire time?

All of their shock and disbelief wasactually far inferior to the defeated look on Mu Bai’s face.

His expression couldn’t even be described as an expression, it was practically a whole distortion. Even his cramping facial muscles were twitching.

What was worse than being completely flipped over by the person they hated the most?

The dog of a henchmen, Zhao Kunsan rubbed his eyes over and over again. However, what he saw was still the overflowing radiance. The superiority he was displaying toward Mo Fan was completely obliterated, making him seem like a comical retard, looking all lofty in the middle of the people.

“S!”

“S!”

“S!”

“Final result is ‘S’!”

The highest score in school was S. However, everyone was very clear on the fact that the magical capabilities within Mo Fan’s Stardust were probably higher than Mu Bai by a bit.

“Mo Fan, do you wish to continue the exam?”

“Naturally!” Mo Fan gave the examiner a slight smile.

This daddy, I, have been waiting for this for a long time!

Man, if it wasn’t for the world changing, then I would’ve already have reached this level during the High School examination. Fortunately, the outcome is still good!

Mo Fan naturally wanted to test his activation.

Weren't most of the people bitterly cultivating just so they can appear as that little golden idol in front of others, glinting and shining?

“Fire Burst!”

His entire aura was moving. After Mo Fan said his incantation, his whole bearing was very self-confident.

A searing aura frantically spread from the central point of Mo Fan’s body, washing over the cheeks of hundreds of people. The feel of the scorching heat was very distinct.

The Fire Star Path quickly mobilized around Mo Fan’s body after he finished the arrangement of the stars.

The obtrusive scarlet red and the staggering fire!

The flame scuttled forth from the half-clenched hand of Mo Fan, just like a vicious and impatient animal.

“Go!”

As he waved his hand, the flames streaked across the exam grounds like a dazzling scarlet fire arrow. It accurately made its way into the human-shaped puppet’s body.

“Burn!”

He raised his hand up high. After a second of silence, the vicious fire suddenly blasted forth from inside the puppet’s body.

The more it burned, the more vicious it was. That raging fire engulfed the puppet in matter of seconds.

The reflection of the flames were visible on Mo Fan’s face. His face was smiling, and his confidence was soaring.

This was Fire Burst, the fire force he was in control of! There was no need to mention its charm!

After finishing all of this, Mo Fan turned around.

Every single person was dumbstruck.

The teachers, students, directors, they hadn’t even completely recovered their senses from the S grade he had gotten from his previous examination. However, then they saw Mo Fan’s extremely smooth casting of Fire Burst.

There was no hesitation, and neither was it forced. Additionally, the speed he had completed it at was even faster than Mu Bai!

The Fire Element’s primary spell was much more violent than the Ice Element’s. That was why the reaction of the people was much more intense than Mu Bai’s Ice Spread after Mo Fan finished the casting of Fire Burst. Not only was it Mo Fan’s beautiful turnaround, but it was also because of the boundless power of his Fire Element aura.

“Give your marks,” Mo Fan glanced at the astonished examiners as he said this in a natural manner.

“A!”

“B!”

“A!”

The grades for the casting test were immediately announced.

As expected, Mo Fan’s grades were higher than Mu Bai’s.

Mu Bai was already so angry that he felt as though he was about to get a heart attack. If this continued, then he really would stop breathing!

How could it be like this, this didn’t conform with the script!!

Both of the scores were higher than Mu Bai’s!

“Is this really the Mo Fan that we know??”

“This really is the most amazing turnaround in history. He became a divine student in just a second, it’s really blinding my dog eyes!” Xu Qinglin said.

Xue Musheng’s mouth had a crooked smile.

He didn’t care about the enmity between Mo Fan and Mu Bai. His class suddenly popped up a student with the S grade, and his grades for the activation test were the highest. If everything went well, then wouldn’t he be Number One in the entire school?

From last place all the way to first place. I’m afraid there’s nothing more shocking than this, it’s like a dream.

Other than him being Number One, Mu Bai should be able to settle steadily into second place.

Thus, the first and second-ranked students were in his class. This would give him a promotion!

“As expected of the Mu Family. Brother Mu Zhuoyun, you really had our small-scaled Magician Organization have an eye-opening experience. If I remember correctly, this Mo Fan is the son of the driver at your manor. Being in a large, noble family sure is great, you even unconsciously influenced a preeminent student in Bo City!” said Deng Kai from the Hunter’s Union.

Mu Zhuoyun looked at Deng Kai.

Deng Kai was in the upper echelon of the Hunter’s Union, and at same time, he was also a director of Tian Lan Magic High. Amongst the school directors, his cultivation was the highest, and his strength was also the greatest.

As a school director, Deng Kai was praising, and the other school directors were continually sighing.

“You can’t help but admire that. A son of a driver is already this amazing, he’s comparable to the magic seedlings which they have carefully raised!”

Mu Zhuoyun was slowly coming back to his senses from being shocked.

He really didn’t think that this Mo Fan would have some ability. Right now, he even heard praise coming from the people in his circle, his face immediately lit up.

As his mood got better, Mu Zhuoyun’s heart also began to ponder.

Mu Ningxue had carried the flag for the family for many years. However, the other direct successors and branch disciples all required support from the family. Only this way were they able to consolidate power within the family.

The Mu Family were very short in Magicians who specialized in the Fire Element.

Although this kid had done things that had caused him to feel incomparably angry, he was just young and inexperienced. It had already been so many years since then, there was no need to continue investigating it. It was about time to give some benefit to this kid so he would start to serve the Mu Family.

He would definitely not approach Mu Ningxue. However, he could send him to his eldest son, Mu Jiangming, and nurture him into an remarkable Fire Element henchman. That was not a bad plan.

A talented person still needed to be recruited!

Mu Zhuoyun stroked his beard, feeling somewhat happy. After seeing Mo Fan exiting the examination ground, he opened his mouth to say, “Mo Fan, come here.”

Mo Fan glanced at Mu Zhuoyun, he wasn’t sure what this old scoundrel wanted from him.

With some hesitation, Mo Fan walked over in front of the directors. His eyes couldn’t help but take a glance at Mu Ningxue.

Damn, I haven’t seen this girl in so many years, how come she looks so… beautiful!

Mu Zhuoyun hmpfed.

Mu Ningxue also moved her gaze away.

Mo Fan also withdrew his gaze.

“You called?” Mo Fan raised his head and looked at the Mu Zhuoyun’s tall and sturdy physique.

In front of others, Mo Zhuoyun would have a whiff of the prestige of a King, causing them to feel even afraid to breathe in front of him.

Mo Fan was different. Other than raising a beautiful daughter, to him Mo Zhuoyun only emitted the aura of an old scoundrel.

__________________

