Chapter 17: The Beautiful Female Teacher's Fire Element

.

.

.

Currently, Tangyue maintained an extremely straight posture as she calmly stood there. Her elegant, curvy physique outlined the slightly tight skirt which people felt was particularly moving. Perhaps it was because she was new to teaching, that was why her selection of clothing seemed a bit too hasty, resulting in this. This really gave the students a feast for their eyes.

“You have to meditate, be tranquil, and concentrate. Even if I am speaking to you right now, my mentality is wholeheartedly concentrated on the Fire element nebula within me...oh, I mean star dust.” Mrs. Tangyue said.

Mrs. Tangyue’s voice was transmitted to every student’s ears. When everyone thought Mrs. Tangyue was standing still as a statue, a sudden fluctuation could be seen from her pear blossom hair.

There was not a single thread of wind in the field, however, her hair looked as though she was on a steamer, causing it to scatter around!

“Control, at this moment, you need to call out so your star can obey your commands and open the doors of the Fire element Magic!!” Mrs. Tangyue’s tone changed from its usual softness to a solemn one; it carried a hint of an arrogance which stated that everything should burn down before her.

In this instant, all the males, with their heads filled with dirty thoughts, immediately became dumbstruck.

Their eyes widened as they looked at this beautiful female teacher with shock.

Aura!!

That’s right; they felt a scorching aura emitting from Mrs. Tangyue’s body; swelling over everyone’s faces.

There was shock, reverence, and a certain intimidating presence that prevented people from having any form of wicked thoughts!

Everyone initially thought the newly arrived Mrs. Tangyue would be your average teacher; be able to give everyone a messy theory lesson just like the old guy before her. When it came to them being able to personally activate Magic, there might even be a mistake in what she taught. However, the young Tangyue in front of them seemed have been able to control this power for a very, very long time. She was able to teach while she controlled the star. After she finished her magic incantations, the emerging fire’s intensity was on a completely different level compared to the old man. It was like comparing a small fire to a pillar of flames!

“Remember, after you’ve finished the arrangement of the stars, you can’t relax your thoughts. You must immediately focus on the position of your activation!”

That dignified voice resounded once more.

“Searing Flames!”

The sound was like a magical bell, ringing inside everyone’s mind.

While at the same time, a dazzling scarlet red Star Path emerged around Mrs. Tangyue’s body before it quickly condensed within her jade-like right hand.

Following this, a fiery red power rapidly grew on her half gripped hands; it was incomparably violent!

With all of her might, she used her arm to throw it!

The flame shot out like an arrow and gave off a scarlet red delicacy. After that, it became like a bullet, accurately and unmistakably penetrating the body of the puppet!

“Gone?”

“How come nothing happened?”

“It hit the target though.”

The atmosphere grew silent for a period of time. The puppet which was hit by Fire Burst didn’t have any kind of reaction while Mrs. Tangyue’s aura was the complete opposite.

Within the confusion, Mrs. Tangyue slowly turned around and faced the entire 48 students of the class with her somewhat young and tender face; however, the corner of her mouth gave off a smirking smile that displayed her high self-confidence.

WHEEEEEEWWW!!!!!

Suddenly, a shocking scarlet red burst forth from the within of the puppet. It absolutely was not one of those slow ignitions; it was a violent flutter. It looked like something that was able to burn everything in one breath.

The intact human-like puppet from just now was engulfed by a scarlet red flame in just an instant!!!

Was it one second or two?

The fire everyone knew of usually fluttered about; however, this flame was hungry like a wild beast swallowing food. It hadn’t even been two seconds before the entire human shaped puppet was completely engulfed into nothingness.

The gaudy scarlet light reflected in Mrs. Tangyue’s beautiful pear blossom hair. Her fair-skinned face was increasingly captivating at the moment.

The smile from the corner of her mouth, along with the reckless fire behind her back, enhanced the already stunningly beautiful teacher. There was one way to describe this appearance: unrealistically beautiful!

All 48 students of the class were completely starstruck.

Mo Fan didn’t know how other people felt about this, but he felt his own heart throbbing. Not only because this teacher was beautiful and charming, but when she wore the power of the flames, her body exuded a grandeur confidence his own blood rose, accompanied by worship, infatuation, and reverence!

If a woman is only beautiful, she’ll cause men to have a wild imagination. However, this woman had grasped the authority and power which other people were unable to touch upon. This woman was like poison; men were just unable to free themselves from her!

Only the heavens knew how many guys have set Mrs. Tangyue as their Goddess for life after seeing this scene. Even Mo Fan was completely subdued by her temperament.

Although they were both teachers in Practical Magic, the old man’s Magic Activation was lifeless; it caused the people watching to feel drowsy.

Mrs. Tangyue’s activation caused people to engrave it on to their hearts, making them feel excited and unable to calm themselves.

They were on completely different levels!!

“Alright, who are the Fire element students in our class? Let me note them down.” Mrs. Tangyue seemed to regard the gazes of worship from students as something normal as she continued to teach her class.

“I’m a Fire element user,” a girl whose face carried a heroic spirit took the initiative and stood up; she was Zhoumin, who gave rise to small disturbances during the opening ceremony.

Zhoumin’s eyes were constantly fixated on Mrs. Tangyue

In fact, Zhoumin didn’t like her in the beginning. How could there be a teacher who would wear clothes that attracted this much attention and possessed a voice so gentle and beautiful?!

However, after seeing Mrs. Tangyue finish a Flame Burst, Zhoumin’s heart did a complete 180, and her heart gave birth to a sense of worship.

Zhoumin’s mother was also a teacher. However, she was sure that her own mother was unable to do the same thing as Mrs. Tangyue. Whether it was the aura, intensity, accuracy, or the power!

“I am! I am one too, Mrs. Tangyue! I am also a Fire element user!! My name is Huang Feifeng,” the other male student who had awakened the Fire element jumped out.

Look at this Huang Feifeng’s excited expression...

Who didn’t know that if the Practical Magic teacher had the same element as you, then it’d be like having a small stove, with the master passing useful things on to their disciples[a]?

Huang Feifeng felt extremely lucky. He had unexpectedly become Mrs. Tangyue’s disciple. Who could say if Mrs. Tangyue would appreciate his talent in the future and give birth to feelings toward him; she was his own Little Dragon Maiden![1]

“Don’t stand in my way; I’m going to the roof. Why didn’t I awaken the Fire element, why?!” Lu Xiaobing, who awakened the Water element, was making loud noises as he cried.

“Tea… teacher, I am also a fire… fire element user. My, my name is Zhao Daniu,” a little man who stuttered stood up. As his eyes met Mrs. Tangyue’s, his face turned completely red.

Mo Fan sighed, you could tell with one glance that it was just an average beansprout that no one cared for.

As Mrs. Tangyue looked at this little man, she chuckled as she said, “You’re clearly very thin and weak. Why did your family name you ‘Big Cow’[2]”

“My... my body is weak. Father and mother… father and mother wish... wished for me to become sturdy, like a big cow.”

“Then you should be named Zhao Blabbermouth,” Zhao Kunsan and his clever mouth immediately mocked.

What Zhao Kunsan was mocking was naturally, Zhao Daniu’s stutter.

“Hm, are there more?” Mrs. Tangyue’s gaze swept over.

“There’s only three Fire element users in a single class?”

“That’s too little.”

Judging by their aura, it seemed like there was only the girl called Zuo Zhoumin whose talent was slightly better, and her cultivation pace was also not bad.

“There’s also me; my name is Mo Fan,” Mo Fan came back to his senses and walked out from the crowd of people.





Tofu

FluffyGoblyn





[1] https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Xiaolongn%C3%BC





[2] Da Niu in Chinese is big cow





[a] This is a Chinese idiom meant to say that having a teacher with the same discipline as you is a special boon in that they can pass down useful items (and knowledge) since their focuses align.





