Chapter 16: New Female Teacher, Tangyue!

Chapter 16: New Female Teacher, Tangyue!

Translator: GravityTales Editor: GravityTales

“Will your husband be ok seeing as how he went into the mountains?” Mo Fan asked.

“Who would’ve known that there’d be light colored warnings outside of the city; it indicates that the residents shouldn’t carelessly wander deep into the mountains. He kept saying that the Hunter Squad lost some supplies while they were following the tracks of a One-eyed Magical Wolf and that he had to personally deliver it. He’s just a logistics employee, yet, he even has the guts to do this kind of life-threatening work. Your dad, no matter what I told him, still wouldn’t listen.” Mo Qing answered.

“My dad went as well?” Mo Fan’s face immediately changed.

“Yeah, they said it would pay a lot. Even Mage Apprentices are too afraid to receive their call, yet, these two normal people…. If nothing happens, then that’s fine. However, if something really were to happen, what’ll happen to us?” Mo Qing said.

“Auntie, don’t worry. They must’ve considered this already; there won’t be any problems. They’re just delivering it to a designated outpost, and the roads from the city to the outpost are still within the safe zone,” Ye Xinxia said from the side.

“Either way, I just wish the two would just obediently do their job within the city. I get worried when they leave the city,” Mo Qing whispered once again.

After hearing Mo Qing’s complaints, Mo Fan began to have a bad feeling.

Father hasn’t come to my school to see me for the past six months. It turns out he picked a different road; he went to deliver goods to the Hunter Magicians patrolling outside. This job is indeed very dangerous compared to his former job where he’d only deliver goods to wealthy people.

……

Although it’s winter break, Mo Fan wasn’t free at all. After staying at Auntie’s place for a few days, Mo Fan returned to Tian Lan Magic High’s library.

The library had the information he needed to replenish, for example, the Black Church which he missed out on.

Mo Fan understood what kind of thing the Black Church was after reading about it.

Those guys are similar to the terror organizations; a large, Evil cult. They frequently did things that would harm the safety of the people. Additionally, for the sake of their own goals, they would even use living people as cultivation material. The country was not lenient on insane things like that, naturally!

In the coming month, Mo Fan wholeheartedly meditated.

After knowing the Lightning element’s stardust would dry up and turn completely dark after only using Lightning Strike twice, Mo Fan began to understand the importance of meditation.

Thus, this entire month, despite how great the temptation of activating Fire element’s skill, Fire Burst, Mo Fan didn’t rashly try to come in contact with Fire element’s star. He must solidify his foundation first.

As he was engrossed in meditation and treated all of this as a habit, the time passed very quickly.

Soon enough, it became the start of the school again.

Inside the library, Mo Fan swept off the cobwebs that covered his body; ready to meet the new magic school term.

In a high spirit, Mo Fan walked into the classroom and sat down in a seat at the very back, just like always.

“Eh?”

There’s something wrong today.

Mo Fan looked at Zhang Xiaohou next to him and discovered this lad didn’t look alright.

Normally, this guy’s expression would be just like a curious little monkey, a clever one. Moreover, he would incessantly tell Mo Fan about his past few days during class.

Today, however, his eyes looked dull, his mouth was slightly open, and his face was filled with an unfathomable intoxicated gaze as he looked toward the front.

As he looked around his surroundings, the two study wrecks, Xu Qinglin and Lu Xiaobing were showing the same expression; it was as though they were being possessed!

Shit, don’t tell me what Auntie said really is true. There is a One-eyed Magical Wolf within the city and these lads have all been infected by it!

“Good morning class, the teacher for your Practical Magic class has fallen ill and is currently at home recuperating. From today on, I will be in charge of everyone’s Practical Magic classes. My name is Tangyue!” A mature, beautiful and bright sound resounded.

After being accustomed to the hoarse and slow voice of an old man, the sudden appearance of a mature woman’s voice with a charming and the sexy tune swept past like the spring wind brushing the grounds; this caused the slightly tired Mo Fan to immediately wake up!

He raised his head as he searched for the origins of the voice with expectation. Mo Fan’s eyes were starstruck and his expression appeared enchanted.

What the hell, who cares about the Evil-eyed Marsh Monster that can confuse people’s hearts? It’s evident that the souls of the males with the exuberant hormones were attracted by this newly arrived, extraordinarily beautiful female teacher.

This teacher, Tangyue, wore a standard, black suit. In between the outer black suit and the white shirt on the inside were a bulging, majestic, and glamorous mountain peaks that were about to burst. This made Mo Fan wonder whether the little buttons on the chest was really capable of holding up this turbulent wave.

Annoying, this really is annoying.

_The early morning has always been the time where the young men are at their most violent. As they were stimulated like this, I reckon the majority will have a rather shameful appearance._

“It’s been half a year since you awakened, and there’s not a single person who has been able to use their magic. However, I hope you understand that being able to control an immense power does not signify that you know how to use it. If you don’t properly control your powers, then they’ll backfire on you,” Mrs. Tangyue quickly entered her teaching state.

Originally, the teacher’s earnest and solemn attitude caused many little tyrants to come back to their senses. Who would’ve known that the second she turned around after writing some important segments on the blackboard, the entire class would get nosebleeds?

What a disaster. Bulging and round, Mo Fan was definitely a normal male student. At this moment, the exact same scene came to his head.

Ahem!

How could one let one’s imagination run wild in a sacred school? Either way, Mo Fan wholeheartedly wanted to study; Mo Fan was definitely not the same as this group of people who only thought with their lower body. _In any case, I definitely won’t wear tight pants to the Practical Magic classes again. Not every organism is capable of being like a climbing tiger; move around the obstacle and continue what they’re doing._

The Practical Magic classes went on for the entire morning. After finishing theory, Tangyue brought everyone to the field; personally showing everyone the essential keys to Magic Activation.

Mo Fan also earnestly listened to this class; for example, what Mrs. Tangyue had said concerning the Magic Activation Link, Mo Fan have already experienced it. It’s just, he didn’t understand how the buttons on the front of Mrs. Tangyue’s chest were so durable; it’s been so long yet they still hadn’t burst?

Naturally, the school field isn’t supposed to be used for radio calisthenics.

The field was actually just the practice grounds, they had been divided into several independent spaces using a Magic Barrier which Mo Fan didn’t understand. All the overflowing power would be absorbed by the transparent barrier; this was to prevent harming the students who didn’t have any kind of ability.

“Look closely; I will demonstrate the primary skill of Fire element, Fire Burst!” Tangyue stood in the middle of the students.

The students assembled into a half arc, scattered behind Mrs. Tangyue. Whether everyone really was watching Mrs. Tangyue’s hand seals was something that no one was sure of.

“Fire Burst, it’s the skill of Fire element. Brother Mo Fan….wipe your saliva, it’s your element’s skill. Never did I think that Mrs. Tangyue, who looks so tender and virtuous, would actually be a Fire Mage!” Zhang Xiaohou nudged the Mo Fan beside him.

“Oh, oh, I want to learn this!” Only then did Mo Fan come back to his senses.

* * *

Translator: Tofu

Editor: Fluffygoblyn

*[advantage]: by having their erection in contact with her

*[ cent bills]: China has cents in bills called jiao

*[Guoshu]: Guo here means country and shu means technique

*[ 190 centimeters]: Over 6ft tall

*[Lake Cui]: Cui Hu, also means Green Lake

*[hundred dyuan bills]: 100yuan is their biggest bill

*[Daoist Fierce Tiger]: The author of this novel

*[Noodles]: made of wheat

*[Rice Noodles]: made of rice

*[Zhang Tian Tian]: Tian means sweet

*[Bajiquan]: Also known as Eight Extremities Fist, but Bajiquan sounds nicer to me

*[Long Taos]: side characters in Chinese operas who perform acrobatics and fight scenes

*[12.47 to 13.07]: don’t ask me about the tree sap

