Chapter 20: Stardust Magic Tool

Chapter 20: Stardust Magic Tool

Translator: GravityTales Editor: GravityTales

“Yeah, today is a very important day for Tian Lan Magic High. It just happens that Mu Ningxue started her summer break early from the Empire Institution. I discussed with the Family Head and had her, the flag of Bo City, come to Tian Lan Magic High to give you guys a lecture, take a look at the annual examinations this year, and have her evaluate the quality of the students,” Mu He said.

Seeing Mu Bai bursting with life, Mu He naturally knew what kind of ideas he had. He chuckled as he patted Mu Bai’s shoulders, “Don’t worry; when it’s your turn, I will have her watch with the Family Head. When the Family Head sees you working so hard, he might even distribute more cultivation resources to your family. You know how few disciples we have in our Family, and the outstanding ones are rarer. If the Family Head notices you and you are given a Stardust Magic Tool for two or three months, you’ll reap many benefits!”

“Star…tardust Magic Tool?Really? I have a chance to use a Stardust Magic Tool?” Mu Bai’s eyes radiated.

“Of course, do you know why we are different from common Magicians? Superior genes? Family influence? No matter how good these are, they aren’t better than a Stardust Magic Tool! If you canbecome a Core disciple within the family, you have a chance to receive a Stardust Magic Tool; your cultivation will definitely be far higher than your peers in school!” Mu He said.

“Uncle, I…I will definitely do my best to show off!”

Cultivation being far higher than the peers in school!

Mu Bai began to boil up. No wonder why these disciples of the Family were frantically cultivating; it turns out it was for the Stardust Magic Tools.

Every Magician has a limited amount of time to cultivate. For students like these, five hours of meditation was their limit, and the remaining time was for studying theory and knowledge.

The Stardust Magic Tool was an item which every Magic cultivator yearns for the most.

Mu Bai didn’t know the principle behind the Stardust Magic Tool; however, he did know the Stardust Magic Tool could help cultivators to recover their energy more quickly and cut down the amount of fatigue.

Normally, after spending 5 hours of meditation, they could only do other things in the remaining 19 hours.

They were weary from meditating during the 19 hours. They could only pass this time through doing other things or sleeping.

For a lot of students who wanted to advance, 19 hours of fatigue was too long; while at the same time, they couldn’t do anything about it. When a person is putting their mind on a constant focus, they need to have an even longer period of relaxation. Otherwise, their mind would collapse.

Whereas the Stardust Magic Tool was a divine cultivation tool that was capable of cutting that fatigue time down.

With the meditation fatigue period cut down, that would mean the increase of the daily meditation time!

There may not be much of an effect with just a day or two. However, a month or two would make a small difference when it was compared to cultivators without a Stardust Magic Tool. If they were to practice with it for two or three months, then they would be in a completely different league compared to their peers.

The efficiency of meditation varies from people to people; there are fast and slow ones; so let’s not think about that for now. However, even if the efficiency was exceedingly slow, one could still be in the lead with the help of the Stardust Magic Tool. People who did their best and had talent would only do half the work for twice the effect!

“Uncle, you mentioned the Elite Class students would have the opportunity to use the Stardust Magic Tool; is this true?” Mu Bai asked with a slight excitement.

“That’s right; since this is a Magic school, naturally, there are also some few cultivation resources. However, the resources are very limited. There are so many students; thus, giving each student the chance to use it is not possible. Therefore, it’s necessary to have the annual examination and the Elite class. This way the students of the Elite class will have an opportunity to use the Stardust Magic Tool for a period. It won’t be a problem for you to enter the Elite class with your grades. When the time comes, I’ll pull some strings from behind the scenes and let you use the school’s Stardust Magic Tool for a little bit longer. For you, this is quite beneficial. The school is an equal place after all; it’s not possible for me to do too much. What would truly allow you to soar to the sky is to use the Stardust Magic Tool from our Mu Family; that is something a common Magician will never be able to obtain in their lifetime. That’s why you must treasure it,” Mu He sincerely said to Mu Bai.

“Don’t worry Uncle; I won’t disappoint you.”

“Saying that to me is useless; you need to prove yourself in front of Mu Ningxue and the Family Head!” Mu He patted Mu Bai’s shoulders as he said this.

Mu Bai nodded seriously; his heart couldn’t help but to give a cold laugh, _“Xu Zhaoting, so what if your cultivation is on par with mine. So what if you have the Lightning element. Behind me is the enormous Mu Family; you will never be able to contend against me!”_

“Oh right, how’s the situation with that kid called Mo Fan?” Mu He inadvertently thought of this as if he thought of a begger he didn’t want to give money to. He asked without thinking, as though he had nothing to do.

“He’s trash; he will definitely be expelled from the school,” Mu Bai didn’t need to cover up his despise for Mo Fan.

Mu Bai really loathed Mo Fan.

When everyone was young, they actually grew up in this area together. However, Mo Fan would always have a group of people following him; he was like the Monkey King. However, what Mu Bai didn’t understand was the fact that the revered and matchless Mu Ningxue was actually blindly mixing with them, and their relations were very intimate.

What did he count for? He was like a wild monkey, running around the block and mountain areas every day with a whiff of attitude; yet, his poverty was fully revealed.

Did he know what true power was, family status? Did he know what it was to be called laughably poor to the point where people would always look down on him?

The son of a servant is just low. Without seeing it, he just didn’t know what vision was, what is called ‘Ambition.’ He just lived in his slum house, in that mud reeking street and took pleasure in working hard.

“Hmpf, I’ll sign him off. I’ll have an explanation for Mo Jia Xing as well. It’s not that I didn’t help; it’s just his idiot a son wasn’t able to become a Mage, even when we gave him a chance to awaken. Sigh, people just aren’t tactful; they just have to spend massive amounts of money to give it a try. The thing is, you are a loser, how can you hope for your son to be an allosaurus? Being poor and useless is something that gets passed down through generations,” Mu He slowly said as he took a drag off his cigarette.

At this moment, Mu He’s eyes were half closed. He looked like a grand and graceful old fox; he even revealed his disdain and ridicule for poor people.

* * *

Translator: Tofu

Editor: FluffyGoblyn

*[advantage]: by having their erection in contact with her

*[ cent bills]: China has cents in bills called jiao

*[Guoshu]: Guo here means country and shu means technique

*[ 190 centimeters]: Over 6ft tall

*[Lake Cui]: Cui Hu, also means Green Lake

*[hundred dyuan bills]: 100yuan is their biggest bill

*[Daoist Fierce Tiger]: The author of this novel

*[Noodles]: made of wheat

*[Rice Noodles]: made of rice

*[Zhang Tian Tian]: Tian means sweet

*[Bajiquan]: Also known as Eight Extremities Fist, but Bajiquan sounds nicer to me

*[Long Taos]: side characters in Chinese operas who perform acrobatics and fight scenes

*[12.47 to 13.07]: don’t ask me about the tree sap

