Chapter 61: Advancing the Lightning Element!

Chapter 61: Advancing the Lightning Element!

Translator: GravityTales Editor: GravityTales

“Fan Mo, your reaction was really quick. Your spellcasting speed also shocked us. We thought you were the type of newly graduated Magician whose legs would soften up after seeing a Magical Beast.” Li Wenjie walked up to Mo Fan and patted his shoulder a few times.

“Yeah, I thought we would have to take care of you for the most of the year before you would be somewhat useful; who would’ve thought that your spirit quality was already good enough that you even saved Guo Caitang. Guo Caitang, you’ll have to devote your entire life to him to properly express your appreciation,” Fei Shi said with a laugh.

Mo Fan had applied for this position without any practical experience, nor resume. In fact, the Hunter Team’s minimum requirement was to have killed at least ten Magical Beasts. If Mo Fan were of a different Element, then this elite Team of Hunters would definitely not have accepted him. They didn’t even need those with the Fire Element. After all, the City Hunter Team fought off Magical Beasts within the city. If other hunters couldn’t face off against a Magical Beast, then they would just die by themselves. If the Hunters Team couldn’t face off against Magical Beasts, then it was possible that the consequences would spread to people who couldn’t fend off the Beasts themselves.

The City Hunters Team’s responsibilities were significant, and thus, its members needed to be the elite of the Hunter Mages.

Considering the rarity of a Lightning Mage, as well as the abilities of their spells, the Hunter Team was willing to spend half a year to properly nurture the rookie who knew nothing. In everyone’s eyes, Mo Fan was a definite rookie who wouldn’t necessarily be able to cast a spell when faced up against a Magical Beast.

Just now, after he had finished his Lightning Strike spell in an instant, his reaction time and control of his Star Path actually gave the Hunter Team a whole new view of him!

Especially Guo Caitang. In the beginning, she had aggressively given Mo Fan, a rookie, a harsh scolding. Who would’ve thought that at the most crucial time, it would be this rookie that would save her life? Her heart was exceedingly complicated at this moment.

“Alright, Li Wenjie, Feishi, the two of you go and inspect the cafeteria. If there is no other Magical Beast, then we can leave the rest of the matter to the police if that girl is still alive,” Xu Dahuang ordered.

“OK!”

Search and rescue required a large number of people. The Hunter Team’s primary objective was to eliminate the danger factors. Following that, all they needed to do was to let Feishi and Li Wenjie assist the police in searching for the missing Lin Yun’er.

It was just that it had been over a week, and the girl’s chances of survival were very low.

_Buzz…_

As Mo Fan was about to leave, the Little Loach Pendant suddenly let out a buzz.

_There’s a Soul Remnant?_

Mo Fan was delighted as he hurriedly walked over to the Colossal-eyed Ape Rat’s body.

A blue radiance emerged out of the carcass of the Colossal-eyed Ape Rat. It looked similar to a firefly. It was as small as a candle flame, and acted like it was being summoned as it slowly floated into the pendant around Mo Fan’s neck.

The others were busy with other things, and thus they didn’t notice this scene. Mo Fan successfully absorbed the Soul Remnant of the Colossal-eyed Ape Rat into his Little Loach Pendant.

The Little Loach Pendant had an ability that allowed it to automatically absorb Soul Remnants. When he had killed the Spirit Wolf, it had also absorbed the Spirit Wolf’s Soul Remnant.

_(Ed. Note: No, I don’t remember that happening, either…)_

Unfortunately, to make the Little Loach Pendant really grow required something even more pure than a Soul Remnant, which would be a Soul Essence. _Who knows if absorbing these Soul Remnants will have any effect whatsoever, I’ll have to go back home and do some research on it._

Moreover, the Magic Association and Hunter’s Union also sold Soul Remnants. The price of one was roughly around ten thousand RMB. If it absorbed enough Soul Remnants, then the Little Loach Pendant would also grow. _In that case, is there a need to use the money from hunting Magical Beasts to buy those Soul Remnants? Either way, the top priority is to make the Little Loach Pendant grow; this way, my Fire Burst will definitely reach the level of Rupture!_

_Hmm? The Lightning stars seem to have transformed some. Don’t tell me…_ Suddenly, Mo Fan felt the stars within his Lightning Stardust tingling excitedly.

The excitement here was similar to the time his Fire stars had transformed. The change that time had allowed Mo Fan to reach the level of Fire Burst’s Burning Bones, up from merely Scorch!

That is to say, his Lightning Strike was about to make a breakthrough!

In the past, when he was meditating, the Lightning stars had no reaction whatsoever. Who would’ve thought that the lightning quick spellcasting today would actually cause them to transform? Mo Fan didn’t know if they had transformed because of the experience from the battle he had today, or if it was due to the absorption of the Soul Remnant.

_Fire Burst has already achieved Burning Bones. I wonder what kind of effects the heaven-defying Lightning Strike will cause at its second level? It really makes me look forward to it!_

What Mo Fan did not expect was that he would actually obtain a commission from his first completed mission.

The school had used 200,000 yuan to ask the City Hunter Team to come there and solve the issue. Mo Fan received 10% of it; after all, he had just joined them. Normally speaking, those who had just joined would only receive the wages of an intern. The commission was given as a token; they considered Mo Fan a special Lightning Mage, as well as his outstanding display today. The team basically gave Mo Fan a full share.

10% was around 20,000 RMB. This was on par with six months of his father’s income.

Mo Fan didn’t want to play around with this money. He cautiously put it away, as he did not need it for a period of time.

Speaking of which, this was Mo Fan’s first time being paid for work. Although it was indeed dangerous, the reward had actually exceeded Mo Fan’s expectations. This was much more than the hunters outside of the city earned; no wonder why so many of them would do their best to join the ranks of the City Hunter Team!

_The Mu Family Manor…_

The sky-blue private pool had a gentle ripple. Mu He, wearing a swimming cap, had swum up on shore. With his body still wet from his swim, he laid down on the recliner with an umbrella shielding him from the sun. He then looked at the private swimming teacher with rye-colored skin as he not-so-accidentally swept his gaze across her chest.

_Creak, creak, creak…_

As Mu He was about to say something, he discovered the swimming pool had a layer of frost slowly growing across it. The surface of the swimming pool quickly solidified.

“Don’t… I’m going to swim again soon…” Mu He felt a headache coming on. Before he could finish, the entire swimming pool had already been frozen as solid as if it were winter. He didn’t know whether to laugh or cry.

“Uncle He, my father wants you to come over,” a tall, slender man with a gloomy look said to him.

“Yu Ang, your Ice Stardust has gotten increasingly strong, how has your training been?” Mu He asked with a pleased expression.

“The progress is a bit slow,” the youth called Yu Ang replied.

“You still call that slow…” Mu He said with a forced smile, “Other people are only at the first level of Ice Spread, yet, you have already grasped Ice Spread: Condense. With your cultivation speed, you won’t even need two years to attain the third form of Ice Spread, Cover! That is a large-scale Ice Spread, let’s not even talk about a small Fire elemental student, you could even freeze a whole lot of them by yourself!”

“Two years? That’s still too long,” Yu Ang mumbled to himself.

“You’re always so dissatisfied with your cultivation. The truth is, you’re already far more outstanding than other peers your age. Yes, you and that child Mu Ningxue have a definite difference; however, Mu Ningxue is just too special. You should already know that your father, Mu Zhuoyun, has been brooding over that kid Mo Fan. After a year, when you’ve successfully dealt with that kid, then your father will definitely give you an amazing present,” Mu He laughed.

“I haven’t even put that little clown in my eyes at all,” Yu Ang stated.

Translator: Tofu

Editor: RED

*[Long Taos]: side characters in Chinese operas who perform acrobatics and fight scenes

*[12.47 to 13.07]: don’t ask me about the tree sap

