Chapter 19: Wind Force, Wind Trail!









.

.

.

Hot air flowed over the mountains, engulfing the south and exchanging the embrace of spring for the humidity of summer.

Following this came heavy rain, a good omen, destroying the leaves and leaving the flowers to wither!

Bo City was regarded as a city with many seasons; however, sometimes it could get exceedingly unruly.

Just this morning, the sun was fierce and illuminating. There was not a single cloud that could be seen for thousands of miles. The nap he took felt the same as the one with which he crossed worlds, a strange gust with the black clouds covering the entire sky. As it became evening, the torrential rain and wind became ice-cold.

“Is there a storm coming? This crap weather...It is randomly happening all year round; it becomes whatever season it wants without skipping a beat!” Zhang Xiahou complained from within the dorms.

“Zhang Xiaohou, aren’t you a Wind element user? Come, you should go out into the storm and see if you can activate the primary skill of Wind element, Wind Trail.” Lu Xiaobing from the same dorm said.

“Don’t you freaking have the Water element; why aren’t you going out and showing the Water Barrier, oh magnificent Water Magician. You’re still using an umbrella when you go out; aren’t you ashamed when you go out?”

Lu Xiaobing’s face turned pale.

Truly, A Water element Magician should technically have a wind jacket in the rain.

The problem is, it’s almost time for the Annual Examination. Lu Xiaobing could only control four stars; thus, there was still quite a distance from him being able to activate the Water element skill, Water Barrier.

“Zhang Xiaohou, can you really use Wind Trail? Why don’t you show us? The truth is, other than seeing that violent girl, Zhoumin, using Fire Burst, we haven’t seen anyone else in class use proper magic.” The dorm head, who talked about his lewd thoughts about Mrs. Tangyue every day, said.

“It’s not going so well; I can’t guarantee the 100% succession.” Zhang Xiaohou said with a slight shyness.

“Monkey, show it to us. I also wanna see what the Wind element skill looks like,” Mo Fan eyes beamed as he put down the theory book in his hands.

“The place is too small.”

“Use the hallway; the hallway is long enough.”

“...Okay, let me try. But I’m really not proficient at it,” Zhang Xiaohou nodded his head.

It’s already the end of the term, and Zhang Xiaohou had quite the talent. He was one of the very small number of people in the class that could control seven stars.

Everyone was curious about the skills of every element; naturally, they also wanted to see Zhang Xiaohou used his.

Zhang Xiaohou closed his eyes and began to enter the activation state.

He was really slow; it was clear that he wasn’t very good at controlling the stars.

He maintained the rhythm of his breathing, and the breathing was audible.

Whooosh.

Suddenly, the books on the table began to move.

The dormitory’s old doors began to creak.

The dust on the floor began to rise, and swirled the dirty underwear beneath the bed. As the boss of the dormitory was about to grab it, the underwear elegantly avoided his hands and floated unrestricted in the wind!

“Wind Trail, Fast stride!”

Zhang Xiaohou’s entire temperament changed; an azure color emerged within his eyes as his lapel began to brandish.

Along with his incantations, the toothbrush, cups, and clothing racks clattering about. They were all moving according to the trail.

Mo Fan quickly composed himself to watch this scene. From these pieces of junk and the swirling dust, he surprisingly discovered an unusual air stream in the dormitory. This stream of air originated from Zhang Xiahou’s location; it spread all the way from the hall to the other side of the hallway’s public toilet.

Swoosh!!

Suddenly, Zhang Xiaohou’s figure disappeared.

The former unmoving Zhang Xiaohou standing in the center of the dormitory became as though he used the Ripple Tiny Steps; the speed was as fast as a whirlwind as he frantically charged out of his dorm and followed the indiscernible Wind Track in the air that went toward the toilet at the end of the hallway!

“That’s awesome!!” Lu Xiaobing yelled out.

The group of people in the dormitory immediately squeezed themselves out the door and chased after Zhang Xiaohuo.

However, as everyone exited their dorms, Zhang Xiaohou had already quickly shifted from the left side of the hallway to the very end of the hall.

Too fast!

Any 100-meter sprinter’s speed would be pathetic compared to this movement!

Mo Fan’s felt a ripple in his heart. The Wind Element’s primary skill was also really cool; the feeling of stepping onto the Wind Track must be amazing.

“Help, help!” Zhang Xiaohou called out.

Peng!!!

The hallway suddenly trembled. As Mo Fan just finished his envying sigh, the Zhang Xiaohou in the distance hit the door of the public toilet.

People began to laugh at him.

The crooked faucet began to spray wildly, and a part of the toilet door was broken. A strong and fishy stink quickly spread out throughout the entire floor as there now was no door to prevent the smell. In a split second, cursing voices were heard.

The Wind Track finally dissipated. Zhang Xiahou was laying on the ground with his nose bleeding.

This appearance was already pretty miserable. Unfortunately, the underwear that followed the flow of the wind lost the wind force and finally landed the poor guy’s face.

Lu Xiaobing and the dorm head hastily dragged Zhang Xiaohou back to his dorm.

The dorm head took back his underwear and opened it to find a blood stain.

“Dorm head, I didn’t know you also had menstruation periods,” Lu Xiaobing cracked up.

“Get outta here,” The dorm head reluctantly threw his beloved underwear into the bin.

Mo Fan silently retracted his head and returned to his bed before the residence manager charged over in a fury; he acted as though nothing had ever happened.

The Wind Element’s skill seems good. This movement speed was not any slower than the that of a car. It’s just Zhang Xiaohou hasn’t met the standards; thus, he didn’t know how to pull over and stop.

“You group of brats. The annual examination is near, and you still aren’t properly meditating; instead, you’re here doing these things. If I see this happening again, I’ll skin you alive!” the residence manager’s roar spread across the entire hallway in this wind and rain.

……

The annual examination had finally arrived, and for a lot of people, today was a nightmare. This was because there was a chance that they would be expelled from the school, and these people counted as the most tragic and most shameless who had to go back and meet their parents.

However, studying Magic was not a child’s game. Every Magic High’s system worked like this: if you were not suited to study Magic, then you would be expelled early, giving them another way so they wouldn’t continue to waste their time in the borderless Magic sea.

To those students who had been doing their best in cultivating, today was the day they could show their results. Particularly for those students who could already use their skills!

The stormy days had already passed. The morning’s weather was sunny, and the summer air was clear.

Within the Mu Manor...

Mu Bai specifically wore a white t-shirt with plum embroidery and ironed trousers. His entire being gave off a low profile feeling, not wanting to show off his family background.

With his handsome exterior and his low profiled outfit that didn’t fail to show his elegance, he had already captured the affection of many girls.

However, with him being a legitimate member of the Mu Family, how could he fancy any of these common and vulgar women. His objective was a proud girl like Mu Ningxue….Of course, if Mrs. Tangyue were willing to give in, he would be willing as well.

“Mu Bai, you have to show off today. You have to know that our Mu Family will distribute a few cultivation resources to some of the young disciples. The distribution is based on the contribution of their family and the cultivation grades of the young disciples. You have to work hard for this branch family of yours that has almost been forgotten by the Mu Family.” Mu He personally sent Mu Bai to school in his black limousine this morning.

Mu He was the Supervisor of Tian Lan Magic High; he personally arranged the annual examination today.

No matter what, Mu Bai was still his nephew. Mu He hoped for Mu Bai to give him some face in front of the other Supervisors.

“Uncle, please don’t worry!” Mu Bai said with the utmost confidence.

As he finished speaking, Mu Bai suddenly thought of something; he turned over and whispered, “Uncle, I heard that Mu Ningxue is also coming to Tian Lan Magic High today?”





Tofu

FluffyGoblyn

