Chapter 15: Tales of the Demons

.

.

.

After taking Ye Xinxia back to her aunt’s place and having dinner with them, Mo Fan wanted to continue practicing the Lightning element Magic; however, when he began to do his usual practice on ‘Control’, he began to feel a headache, so bad it was as though his head was splitting apart. It was the kind of feeling that was like playing League of Legends for three days straight without sleep in a Internet Cafe; It was as though his entire being was about to drop dead!

What kind of situation is this??

It’s the feeling of having a low Spirit.

Is it because I used Lightning Strike twice today? Is it due to Lightning Element’s Magic being excessively used that lead to me feeling spiritually fatigued?

Is there a mistake? If we count in the time in the bus where I didn’t completely activate it, then I’ve only used Lightning Strike twice today, and that caused my damn mana to be completely drained?

Originally, I thought spending five months worth of time to meditate would cause the magic capacity within my star dust to be tremendous. Who would’ve thought that using Lightning Strike twice would cause the entire Lightning element star dust to feel completely dismal?

The Lightning element’s star dust used to be gorgeous and colorful within the Spiritual world. The purple radiance reflected by the seven stars were like a beautiful painting of the starry sky. However, right now, the star dust lost its radiance as it sunk into the darkness.

At first, Mo Fan was slightly scared. Fortunately, after he loosened up and started to rest, the Lightning star dust began to slowly recover its radiance, although very slowly!

“It seems like the star dust isn’t bright enough. Every time I use magic, the star dust will lose a bit of its radiance. When the star dust is completely dark, it means the energy within it has been completely used up.

The star dust contains Magic energy.

No wonder why the homeroom teacher, Xue Musheng, would stress all day, saying, “Even if it’s boring, you still need to maintain meditation. If a talented Mage doesn’t diligently meditate, they could become mediocre.

These words could basically mean, “So what if your skill is incredible? If you don’t have the mana then you’re just a dreg!”

Forget it, let’s not think about this. I should hurry up and sleep or else I’ll really pass out!

……

As he was holing up in his room, he slept until dawn.

Ye Xinxia was lovable. It was almost noon, yet she didn’t wake him up.

Mo Fan got out of his bed feeling energetic.

He easily entered a meditative state and scanned his own star dust. He discovered that most of the stardust was shining brightly. It’d probably completely recover its former radiance very soon.

“Oh right, I shouldn’t reveal my Lightning element to outsiders. Although this is a society governed by law, it could still cause people to be jealous. An example would be the Mu Family which is capable of covering the heavens with the point of a finger. It seems like I still need to cultivate the Fire element, this way it’d be easier to fool other people.” Mo Fan brushed his teeth as he pondered over this question.

However, I only have so much energy in a single day. How can I cultivate the Lightning element while I cultivate the Fire element as well?

The reason as to why Mo Fan was able to activate the Lightning element’s skill in just a mere five months was because he spent all of his cultivation time on the Lightning element. No matter how fascinating and charming the Fire element was, Mo Fan still remained single-minded toward the Lightning element.

The annual Magic examination is in roughly half a year. If I want don’t want to reveal the Lightning element’s power this early, then I ought to concentrate all of my attention on cultivating the Fire element in the next school semester and reach the point where I can activate the primary skill of Fire element.

Although, if I were to do this, then that’d mean the progress of Lightning element would be at a standstill for half a year.

I need to meditate. The star dust won’t become stronger without a reason!

……

Mo Fan made a few adjustments to his meditation schedule.

There was a bit more than six months left before the annual Magic Examination. Mo Fan planned to distribute ten hours of what he could handle every day; Eight hours on cultivating the Fire element and two hours to gently grow the Lightning element.

This way, the Lightning element’s growth may be very slow, but it will at least maintain his proficiency in ‘Control’.

Spending eight hours every day to cultivate the Fire element was already much greater compared to students who were only capable of meditating for five hours.

……

His aunt, Mo Qing came back home from work during lunch.

Aunt Mo Qing is the most normal woman ever; she’s thin with a yellow face, and she was a very good person.

“Mo Fan you’re back! I’ve heard from your dad that you’re fully concentrating on cultivating at Tian Lan Magic High. You must really do your best! If you are able to become a Primary Mage, then you’d bring honor to the ancestors of our Mo Family!” Mo Qing said.

A Primary Mage and I’d be bringing honor to the ancestors??

How many generations have we been poor?!

Sigh, I don’t know if I am ready!

“Where’s your husband, why haven’t I seen him around?” Mo Fan asked.

“He’s delivering goods to the hunters in the mountains. I really don’t understand how a normal person like him could possibly have the courage to go into the mountains. If he were to encounter a Magical Beast, it could swallow him in one gulp!” Mo Qing complained.

“Aren’t the Magical Beasts in the Primitive Mountains quite a distance from our city?” Mo Fan said.

This world was different from the world he was familiar with. Outside of the city, in the Magic World resided numerous Magical Beasts that threaten the lives of humankind. Not even to mention, common people were afraid of setting food in those areas; even Magicians tended to lose their lives out there.

“Haven’t you seen the warning issued by the Hunter’s Union? Recently, the Magical Beast have gotten restless. There have many been signs of Magical Beasts emerging outside of our Bo City; thus, they have especially been warning the normal folks to not take a step outside of the safety zones.” Mo Qing said.

“Isn’t that a bit too much?” Mo Fan said with a smile.

Although Mo Fan was new to this, he still read a lot of books. The Magical Beasts are generally far away from the cities where humans reside; moreover, there were renowned organisations like the Magic Association, Hunter’s Union, and large Magic Families who cleaned up on a regular basis to ensure the safety of the people within the city.

“You’ve studied so much that you’ve become dumb. Think about it, which Mayor doesn’t want their city to prosper in peace? Even if Magical Beasts were to invade, they would still say the situation is under their control in order to avert panic….The truth is, there have always been Magical Beasts in the vicinity of the city; there are even some within the city. It’s just we, the common people, don’t really see them.” Mo Qing whispered.

Mo Fan was surprised as he heard this, but he still said with a forced smile, “Aunt, you’re too paranoid.”

“Little boy, you still won’t believe me. Then, let me tell you something that actually happened. This happened; don’t say that your aunt loves listening to gossip all day...You should know that I work in the hospital’s logistics department.”

“Uh-huh.” Mo Fan nodded.

Fortunately, Mo Qing didn’t say she was working at some Sacred Institution, or else Mo Fan’s balls would really hurt as he wouldn’t know anything.

“There was an evening where I went to deliver medicine for wounds to the doctor in charge. However, there was a person in the operation room who seemed to be a Healing element Mage. He chewed out our Dr. Wang saying, “Even if you are a Healing element Apprentice, you shouldn’t be so stupid to not know how to differentiate poison marsh and poison water. Also, these people are under a Demonic spell which is why they look lifeless... Go, go, go, don’t be a burden here. Go find the people from the Hunter’s Union and have them find the Evil-eyed marsh beast, or else there’ll be more injured people in this area!” Mo Qing moved closer. She spoke with a very cautious tone to Mo Fan.

As Mo Fan saw Mo Qing’s expression; he didn’t feel like she was making things up.

Don’t tell me the Magical Beasts are actually so close to the city, with some being within the city?

This is quite scary. Magical Beasts were monsters that eat people; if you were to come across one, then death would certainly be imminent!





Tofu

Fluffygoblyn

